Who did the customer who talked to love that man?
Who did the customer who talked to that man love?
Who did the customer who loved talk to that man?
Who did the customer who loved that man talk to?
What did this male professor who understood follow the rule?
What did this male professor who understood the rule follow?
What did this male professor who protected understand the rule?
What did this male professor who protected the rule understand?
Who did the writer who trusted call that teacher?
Who did the writer who trusted that teacher call?
Who did the writer who called trust that teacher?
Who did the writer who called that teacher trust?
Who did this male professor who contacted see this child?
Who did this male professor who contacted this child see?
Who did this male professor who saw contact this child?
Who did this male professor who saw this child contact?
Who did the visitor who defeated beat Mike?
Who did the visitor who defeated Mike beat?
Who did that prince who beat defeat Alice?
Who did that prince who beat Alice defeat?
Who did the student who trusted visit Robert?
Who did the student who trusted Robert visit?
Who did this daughter who beat talk to that president?
Who did this daughter who beat that president talk to?
Who did this daughter who talked to beat that president?
Who did this daughter who talked to that president beat?
Who did this male president who believed hide the teacher?
Who did this male president who believed the teacher hide?
Who did this male president who hid believe the teacher?
Who did this male president who hid the teacher believe?
Who did the judge who saw contact this minister?
Who did the judge who saw this minister contact?
Who did the judge who contacted see this minister?
Who did the judge who contacted this minister see?
Who did the doctor who talked to beat Alexander?
Who did the doctor who talked to Alexander beat?
Who did the doctor who beat talk to Alexander?
Who did the doctor who beat Alexander talk to?
Who did that female president who met support this parent?
Who did that female president who met this parent support?
Who did that female president who supported meet this parent?
Who did that female president who supported this parent meet?
Who did that daughter who believed call the police?
Who did that daughter who believed the police call?
Who did that daughter who called believe the police?
Who did that daughter who called the police believe?
Who did the professor who found talk to this student?
Who did the professor who found this student talk to?
Who did the professor who talked to find this student?
Who did the professor who talked to this student find?
Who did the judge who beat select that teacher?
Who did the judge who beat that teacher select?
Who did the judge who selected beat that teacher?
Who did the judge who selected that teacher beat?
Who did the driver who beat save this doctor?
Who did the driver who beat this doctor save?
Who did the driver who saved beat this doctor?
Who did the driver who saved this doctor beat?
Who did his wife who trusted defeat Henry?
Who did his wife who trusted Henry defeat?
Who did his wife who defeated trust Henry?
Who did his wife who defeated Henry trust?
Who did the coach who visited talk to this leader?
Who did the coach who visited this leader talk to?
Who did the coach who talked to visit this leader?
Who did the coach who talked to this leader visit?
Who did the girl who visited attack that team?
Who did the girl who visited that team attack?
Who did the girl who attacked visit that team?
Who did the girl who attacked that team visit?
Who did the driver who saved visit Mary?
Who did the driver who saved Mary visit?
Who did the driver who visited save Mary?
Who did the driver who visited Mary save?
Who did the professor who met recognize William?
Who did the professor who met William recognize?
Who did the professor who recognized meet William?
Who did the professor who recognized William meet?
Who did the soldier who contacted defeat that government?
Who did the soldier who contacted that government defeat?
Who did the soldier who defeated contact that government?
Who did the soldier who defeated that government contact?
Who did that male doctor who kicked believe the woman?
Who did that male doctor who kicked the woman believe?
Who did that male doctor who believed marry the woman?
Who did that male doctor who believed the woman marry?
Who did the teacher who defeated select that coach?
Who did the teacher who defeated that coach select?
Who did the teacher who selected defeat that coach?
Who did the teacher who selected that coach defeat?
Who did the assistant who kicked believe the student?
Who did the assistant who kicked the student believe?
Who did the assistant who believed marry the student?
Who did the assistant who believed the student marry?
Who did the writer who met trust Victor?
Who did the writer who met Victor trust?
Who did the writer who trusted meet Victor?
Who did the writer who trusted Victor meet?
Who did the director who loved support her parent?
Who did the director who loved her parent support?
Who did the director who supported love her parent?
Who did the director who supported her parent love?
Who did that girl who called defeat Jane?
Who did that girl who called Jane defeat?
Who did that girl who defeated call Jane?
Who did that girl who defeated Jane call?
Who did the farmer who selected trust that student?
Who did the farmer who selected that student trust?
Who did the farmer who trusted select that student?
Who did the farmer who trusted that student select?
Who did the soldier who injured find the police officer?
Who did the soldier who injured the police officer find?
Who did the soldier who found injure the police officer?
Who did the soldier who found the police officer injure?
Who did the judge who visited select the teacher?
Who did the judge who visited the teacher select?
Who did the judge who selected visit the teacher?
Who did the judge who selected the teacher visit?
Who did the judge who visited follow the student?
Who did the judge who visited the student follow?
Who did the judge who protected visit the student?
Who did the judge who protected the student visit?
Who did this daughter who called select that friend?
Who did this daughter who called that friend select?
Who did this daughter who selected call that friend?
Who did this daughter who selected that friend call?
Who did the female president who trusted injure the child?
Who did the female president who trusted the child injure?
Who did the female president who injured trust the child?
Who did the female president who injured the child trust?
What did the president who works for support that government?
What did the president who works for that government support?
What did the president who supported work for that government?
What did the president who supported that government work for?
Who did the manager who invited save this doctor?
Who did the manager who invited this doctor save?
Who did the manager who saved invite this doctor?
Who did the manager who saved this doctor invite?
Who did the soldier who visited hit that man?
Who did the soldier who visited that man hit?
Who did the soldier who hit visit that man?
Who did the soldier who hit that man visit?
Who did that king who visited select this friend?
Who did that king who visited this friend select?
Who did the doctor who invited select the teacher?
Who did the doctor who invited the teacher select?
Who did the doctor who selected invite the teacher?
Who did the doctor who selected the teacher invite?
Who did the soldier who visited talk to this team?
Who did the soldier who visited this team talk to?
Who did the soldier who talked to visit this team?
Who did the soldier who talked to this team visit?
Who did the manager who contacted visit Mary?
Who did the manager who contacted Mary visit?
Who did the manager who visited contact Mary?
Who did the manager who visited Mary contact?
Who did the professor who recognized marry this actor?
Who did the professor who recognized this actor marry?
Who did the professor who kicked recognize this actor?
Who did the professor who kicked this actor recognize?
Who did the president who found select this professor?
Who did the president who found this professor select?
Who did the president who selected find this professor?
Who did the president who selected this professor find?
Who did the student who saw support the friend?
Who did the student who saw the friend support?
Who did the student who supported see the friend?
Who did the student who supported the friend see?
Who did the director who talked to recognize Nick?
Who did the director who talked to Nick recognize?
Who did the director who recognized talk to Nick?
Who did the director who recognized Nick talk to?
Who did the teacher who hit call this student?
Who did the teacher who hit this student call?
Who did the teacher who called hit this student?
Who did the teacher who called this student hit?
Who did the soldier who saved beat Bobby?
Who did the soldier who saved Bobby beat?
Who did the soldier who beat save Bobby?
Who did the soldier who beat Bobby save?
Who did that mother who watched attack this soldier?
Who did that mother who watched this soldier attack?
Who did that mother who attacked watch this soldier?
Who did that mother who attacked this soldier watch?
Who did the singer who trusted love his parent?
Who did the singer who trusted his parent love?
Who did the singer who loved trust his parent?
Who did the singer who loved his parent trust?
Who did the manager who defeated beat Carl?
Who did the manager who defeated Carl beat?
Who did the manager who beat defeat Carl?
Who did the manager who beat Carl defeat?
What did the worker who supported work for the army?
What did the worker who supported the army work for?
What did the worker who worked for support the army?
What did the worker who worked for the army support?
Who did the teacher who talked to trust the player?
Who did the teacher who talked to the player trust?
Who did the teacher who trusted talk to the player?
Who did the teacher who trusted the player talk to?
Who did the singer who loved follow this team?
Who did the singer who loved this team follow?
Who did the singer who protected love this team?
Who did the singer who protected this team love?
Who did that woman who visited call that student?
Who did that woman who visited that student call?
Who did that woman who called visit that student?
Who did that woman who called that student visit?
Who did the judge who saved hide the student?
Who did the judge who saved the student hide?
Who did the judge who hid save the student?
Who did the judge who hid the student save?
Who did the female player who selected trust Tom?
Who did the female player who selected Tom trust?
Who did the female player who trusted select Tom?
Who did the female player who trusted Tom select?
Who did that female president who found trust Sarah?
Who did that female president who found Sarah trust?
Who did that female president who trusted find Sarah?
Who did that female president who trusted Sarah find?
Who did the assistant who talked to defeat Adam?
Who did the assistant who talked to Adam defeat?
Who did the assistant who defeated talk to Adam?
Who did the assistant who defeated Adam talk to?
Who did the teacher who selected talk to the student?
Who did the teacher who selected the student talk to?
Who did the teacher who talked to select the student?
Who did the teacher who talked to the student select?
Who did the farmer who invited support his parent?
Who did the farmer who invited his parent support?
Who did the farmer who supported invite his parent?
Who did the farmer who supported his parent invite?
Who did the lawyer who kicked hit this man?
Who did the lawyer who kicked this man hit?
Who did the lawyer who hit marry this man?
Who did the lawyer who hit this man marry?
Who did the visitor who called follow the child?
Who did the visitor who called the child follow?
Who did the visitor who protected call the child?
Who did the visitor who protected the child call?
Who did the officer who attacked injure the child?
Who did the officer who attacked the child injure?
Who did the officer who injured attack the child?
Who did the officer who injured the child attack?
Who did the customer who kicked select the friend?
Who did the customer who kicked the friend select?
Who did the customer who selected marry the friend?
Who did the customer who selected the friend marry?
Who did the student who hit hide this doctor?
Who did the student who hit this doctor hide?
Who did the student who hid hit this doctor?
Who did the student who hid this doctor hit?
Who did the visitor who saved love the man?
Who did the visitor who saved the man love?
Who did the visitor who loved save the man?
Who did the visitor who loved the man save?
Who did the lawyer who defeated select that coach?
Who did the lawyer who defeated that coach select?
Who did the lawyer who selected defeat that coach?
Who did the lawyer who selected that coach defeat?
Who did these women who found marry the man?
Who did these women who found the man marry?
Who did these women who kicked find the man?
Who did these women who kicked the man find?
Who did the artist who believed visit Michael?
Who did the artist who believed Michael visit?
Who did the artist who visited believe Michael?
Who did the artist who visited Michael believe?
Who did the writer who selected call the friend?
Who did the writer who selected the friend call?
Who did the writer who called select the friend?
Who did the writer who called the friend select?
Who did the president who kicked save the soldier?
Who did the president who kicked the soldier save?
Who did the president who saved marry the soldier?
Who did the president who saved the soldier marry?
Who did the visitor who understood defeat Ruth?
Who did the visitor who understood Ruth defeat?
Who did the visitor who defeated understand Ruth?
Who did the visitor who defeated Ruth understand?
Who did the father who beat believe in that student?
Who did the father who beat that student believe in?
Who did the father who believed in beat that student?
Who did the father who believed in that student beat?
Who did the lawyer who kicked see the student?
Who did the lawyer who kicked the student see?
Who did the lawyer who saw marry the student?
Who did the lawyer who saw the student marry?
Who did the lawyer who invited recognize Robert?
Who did the lawyer who invited Robert recognize?
Who did the lawyer who recognized invite Robert?
Who did the lawyer who recognized Robert invite?
Who did the student who recognized select that teacher?
Who did the student who recognized that teacher select?
Who did the student who selected recognize that teacher?
Who did the student who selected that teacher recognize?
Who did the musician who trusted talk to that player?
Who did the musician who trusted that player talk to?
Who did the musician who talked to trust that player?
Who did the musician who talked to that player trust?
Who did the female player who loved see the student?
Who did the female player who loved the student see?
Who did the female player who saw love the student?
Who did the female player who saw the student love?
Who did this king who called select this parent?
Who did this king who called this parent select?
Who did this king who selected call this parent?
Who did this king who selected this parent call?
Who did that female professor who understood contact that minister?
Who did that female professor who understood that minister contact?
Who did that female professor who contacted understand that minister?
Who did that female professor who contacted that minister understand?
Who did the assistant who invited hide that teacher?
Who did the assistant who invited that teacher hide?
Who did the assistant who hid invite that teacher?
Who did the assistant who hid that teacher invite?
Who did the man who found beat Anna?
Who did the man who found Anna beat?
Who did the man who beat find Anna?
Who did the man who beat Anna find?
Who did the professor who found trust this friend?
Who did the professor who found this friend trust?
Who did the professor who trusted find this friend?
Who did the professor who trusted this friend find?
Who did the male doctor who loved trust this student?
Who did the male doctor who loved this student trust?
Who did the male doctor who trusted love this student?
Who did the male doctor who trusted this student love?
Who did the teacher who understood trust Sarah?
Who did the teacher who understood Sarah trust?
Who did the teacher who trusted understand Sarah?
Who did the teacher who trusted Sarah understand?
Who did the musician who killed select this doctor?
Who did the musician who killed this doctor select?
Who did the musician who selected kill this doctor?
Who did the musician who selected this doctor kill?
Who did the manager who recognized talk to this student?
Who did the manager who recognized this student talk to?
Who did the manager who talked to recognize this student?
Who did the manager who talked to this student recognize?
Who did that man who protected marry that woman?
Who did that man who protected that woman marry?
Who did that man who kicked follow that woman?
Who did that man who kicked that woman follow?
Who did the manager who injured beat Gary?
Who did the manager who injured Gary beat?
Who did the manager who beat injure Gary?
Who did the manager who beat Gary injure?
Who did the student who contacted believe this woman?
Who did the student who contacted this woman believe?
Who did the student who believed contact this woman?
Who did the student who believed this woman contact?
Who did the assistant who selected believe that student?
Who did the assistant who selected that student believe?
Who did the assistant who believed select that student?
Who did the assistant who believed that student select?
Who did the musician who believed see the woman?
Who did the musician who believed the woman see?
Who did the musician who saw believe the woman?
Who did the musician who saw the woman believe?
Who did the driver who loved find that man?
Who did the driver who loved that man find?
Who did the driver who found love that man?
Who did the driver who found that man love?
Who did the female professor who recognized select this teacher?
Who did the female professor who selected this teacher recognize?
Who did the female professor who selected recognize this teacher?
Who did the female professor who recognized this teacher select?
Who did the manager who trusted hide that student?
Who did the manager who trusted that student hide?
Who did the manager who hid trust that student?
Who did the manager who hid that student trust?
Who did that man who injured talk to the team member?
Who did that man who injured the team member talk to?
Who did that man who talked to injure the team member?
Who did that man who talked to the team member injure?
Who did that man who defeated save the doctor?
Who did that man who defeated the doctor save?
Who did that man who saved defeat the doctor?
Who did that man who saved the doctor defeat?
Who did the player who hid select that friend?
Who did the player who hid that friend select?
Who did the player who selected hide that friend?
Who did the player who selected that friend hide?
Who did the musician who called trust Maria?
Who did the musician who called Maria trust?
Who did the musician who trusted call Maria?
Who did the musician who trusted Maria call?
Who did the doctor who saved love her parent?
Who did the doctor who saved her parent love?
Who did the doctor who loved save her parent?
Who did the doctor who loved her parent save?
Who did this man who protected trust that friend?
Who did this man who protected that friend trust?
Who did this man who trusted follow that friend?
Who did this man who trusted that friend follow?
Who did the judge who saved defeat this army?
Who did the judge who saved this army defeat?
Who did the judge who defeated save this army?
Who did the judge who defeated this army save?
Who did the officer who hit see that teacher?
Who did the officer who hit that teacher see?
Who did the officer who saw hit that teacher?
Who did the officer who saw that teacher hit?
Who did that father who saw defeat Dan?
Who did that father who saw Dan defeat?
Who did that father who defeated see Dan?
Who did that father who defeated Dan see?
What did the brother who supported attack that army?
What did the brother who supported that army attack?
What did the brother who attacked support that army?
What did the brother who attacked that army support?
Who did the politician who selected meet this leader?
Who did the politician who selected this leader meet?
Who did the politician who met select this leader?
Who did the politician who met this leader select?
Who did the lawyer who trusted call this student?
Who did the lawyer who trusted this student call?
Who did the lawyer who called trust this student?
Who did the lawyer who called this student trust?
Who did the soldier who saw talk to the minister?
Who did the soldier who saw the minister talk to?
Who did the soldier who talked to see the minister?
Who did the soldier who talked to the minister see?
Who did the actress who met defeat Sarah?
Who did the actress who met Sarah defeat?
Who did the actress who defeated meet Sarah?
Who did the actress who defeated Sarah meet?
Who did this female player who supported like this student?
Who did this female player who supported this student like?
Who did this female player who liked support this student?
Who did this female player who liked this student support?
Who did the player who talked to support his parents?
Who did the player who talked to his parents support?
Who did the player who supported talk to his parents?
Who did the player who supported his parents talk to?
Who did the writer who found trust Jane?
Who did the writer who found Jane trust?
Who did the writer who trusted find Jane?
Who did the writer who trusted Jane find?
Who did this male professor who selected see this child?
Who did this male professor who selected this child see?
Who did this male professor who saw select this child?
Who did this male professor who saw this child select?
Who did the soldier who watched meet this president?
Who did the soldier who watched this president meet?
Who did the soldier who met watch this president?
Who did the soldier who met this president watch?
Who did the musician who supported recognize Dan?
Who did the musician who supported Dan recognize?
Who did the musician who recognized support Dan?
Who did the musician who recognized Dan support?
Who did the boy who contacted trust this player?
Who did the boy who contacted this player trust?
Who did the boy who trusted contact this player?
Who did the boy who trusted this player contact?
Who did the actress who talked to hit the players?
Who did the actress who talked to the players hit?
Who did the actress who hit talk to the players?
Who did the actress who hit the players talk to?
Who did the manager who saw believe that man?
Who did the manager who saw that man believe?
Who did the manager who believed see that man?
Who did the manager who believed that man see?
Who did that princess who supported invite this president?
Who did that princess who supported this president invite?
Who did that princess who invited support this president?
Who did that princess who invited this president support?
What did the player who supported defeat that team?
What did the player who supported that team defeat?
What did the player who defeated support that team?
What did the player who defeated that team support?
Who did the writer who defeated select that coach?
Who did the writer who defeated that coach select?
Who did the writer who selected defeat that coach?
Who did the writer who selected that coach defeat?
Who did the engineer who liked see this president?
Who did the engineer who liked this president see?
Who did the engineer who saw like this president?
Who did the engineer who saw this president like?
Who did the lawyer who saw call this student?
Who did the lawyer who saw this student call?
Who did the lawyer who called see this student?
Who did the lawyer who called this student see?
Who did the writer who trusted support the team?
Who did the writer who trusted the team support?
Who did the writer who supported trust the team?
Who did the writer who supported the team trust?
Who did the male player who hit find the police?
Who did the male player who hit the police find?
Who did the male player who found hit the police?
Who did the male player who found the police hit?
Who did the director who met hit this boy?
Who did the director who met this boy hit?
Who did the director who hit meet this boy?
Who did the director who hit this boy meet?
Who did the student who hit believe this woman?
Who did the student who hit this woman believe?
Who did the student who believed hit this woman?
Who did the student who believed this woman hit?
Who did the coach who recognized injure this student?
Who did the coach who recognized this student injure?
Who did the coach who injured recognize this student?
Who did the coach who injured this student recognize?
Who did the wife who liked visit this teacher?
Who did the wife who liked this teacher visit?
Who did the wife who visited like this teacher?
Who did the wife who visited this teacher like?
Who did that professor who understood hit this man?
Who did that professor who understood this man hit?
Who did that professor who hit understand this man?
Who did that professor who hit this man understand?
Who did the player who visited marry that woman?
Who did the player who visited that woman marry?
Who did the player who kicked visit that woman?
Who did the player who kicked that woman visit?
Who did the doctor who believed contact that worker?
Who did the doctor who believed that worker contact?
Who did the doctor who contacted believe that worker?
Who did the doctor who contacted that worker believe?
Who did the lawyer who defeated call the friend?
Who did the lawyer who defeated the friend call?
Who did the lawyer who called defeat the friend?
Who did the lawyer who called the friend defeat?
Who did the soldier who called like that friend?
Who did the soldier who called that friend like?
Who did the soldier who liked call that friend?
Who did the soldier who liked that friend call?
Who did the driver who liked kill the soldier?
Who did the driver who liked the soldier kill?
Who did the driver who killed like the soldier?
Who did the driver who killed the soldier like?
Who did the mother who trusted visit Patrick?
Who did the mother who trusted Patrick visit?
Who did the mother who visited trust Patrick?
Who did the mother who visited Patrick trust?
Who did the manager who beat trust Gary?
Who did the manager who beat Gary trust?
Who did the manager who trusted beat Gary?
Who did the manager who trusted Gary beat?
Who did the singer who attacked trust this player?
Who did the singer who attacked this player trust?
Who did the singer who trusted attack this player?
Who did the singer who trusted this player attack?
Who did the manager who contacted hide the doctor?
Who did the manager who contacted the doctor hide?
Who did the manager who hid contact the doctor?
Who did the manager who hid the doctor contact?
Who did the musician who invited select the teacher?
Who did the musician who invited the teacher select?
Who did the musician who selected invite the teacher?
Who did the musician who selected the teacher invite?
Who did the boy who supported believe that teacher?
Who did the boy who supported that teacher believe?
Who did the boy who believed support that teacher?
Who did the boy who believed that teacher support?
Who did the worker who beat trust Larry?
Who did the worker who beat Larry trust?
Who did the worker who trusted beat Larry?
Who did the worker who trusted Larry beat?
Who did that lady who called save that soldier?
Who did that lady who called that soldier save?
Who did that lady who saved call that soldier?
Who did that lady who saved that soldier call?
Who did the artist who trusted invite that teacher?
Who did the artist who trusted that teacher invite?
Who did the artist who invited trust that teacher?
Who did the artist who invited that teacher trust?
Who did that woman who found call that student?
Who did that woman who found that student call?
Who did that woman who called find that student?
Who did that woman who called that student find?
Who did the writer who called find the woman?
Who did the writer who called the woman find?
Who did the writer who found call the woman?
Who did the writer who found the woman call?
Who did this king who watched see this child?
Who did this king who watched this child see?
Who did this king who saw watch this child?
Who did this king who saw this child watch?
Who did this mother who supported injure that student?
Who did this mother who supported that student injure?
Who did this mother who injured support that student?
Who did this mother who injured that student support?
Who did the driver who found trust Alexander?
Who did the driver who found Alexander trust?
Who did the driver who trusted find Alexander?
Who did the driver who trusted Alexander find?
Who did that king who found visit Charles?
Who did that king who found Charles visit?
Who did that king who visited find Charles?
Who did that king who visited Charles find?
Who did the worker who selected hit the player?
Who did the worker who selected the player hit?
Who did the worker who hit select the player?
Who did the worker who hit the player select?
Who did the customer who saved invite this teacher?
Who did the customer who saved this teacher invite?
Who did the customer who invited save this teacher?
Who did the customer who invited this teacher save?
Who did this mother who understood trust this player?
Who did this mother who understood this player trust?
Who did this mother who trusted understand this player?
Who did this mother who trusted this player understand?
Who did those women who called hit this boy?
Who did those women who called this boy hit?
Who did those women who hit call this boy?
Who did those women who hit this boy call?
Who did the politician who loved contact that minister?
Who did the politician who loved that minister contact?
Who did the politician who contacted love that minister?
Who did the politician who contacted that minister love?
Who did the mother who saw love this woman?
Who did the mother who saw this woman love?
Who did the mother who loved see this woman?
Who did the mother who loved this woman see?
Who did the male president who hit believe this man?
Who did the male president who hit this man believe?
Who did the male president who believed hit this man?
Who did the male president who believed this man hit?
Who did this mother who talked to believe this teacher?
Who did this mother who talked to this teacher believe?
Who did this mother who believed talk to this teacher?
Who did this mother who believed this teacher talk to?
Who did the visitor who attacked beat Ruth?
Who did the visitor who attacked Ruth beat?
Who did the visitor who beat attack Ruth?
Who did the visitor who beat Ruth attack?
Who did that female president who watched like the teacher?
Who did that female president who watched the teacher like?
Who did that female president who liked watch the teacher?
Who did that female president who liked the teacher watch?
Who did the writer who saved call this friend?
Who did the writer who saved this friend call?
Who did the writer who called save this friend?
Who did the writer who called this friend save?
Who did the musician who invited visit Walter?
Who did the musician who invited Walter visit?
Who did the musician who visited invite Walter?
Who did the musician who visited Walter invite?
Who did that female professor who kicked trust Phil?
Who did that female professor who kicked Phil trust?
Who did that female professor who trusted marry Phil?
Who did that female professor who trusted Phil marry?
Who did the women who saw contact the soldier?
Who did the women who saw the soldier contact?
Who did the women who contacted see the soldier?
Who did the women who contacted the soldier see?
Who did the officer who supported hit that man?
Who did the officer who supported that man hit?
Who did the officer who hit support that man?
Who did the officer who hit that man support?
Who did the manager who understood visit Maria?
Who did the manager who understood Maria visit?
Who did the manager who visited understand Maria?
Who did the manager who visited Maria understand?
Who did that female president who liked marry that man?
Who did that female president who liked that man marry?
Who did that female president who kicked like that man?
Who did that female president who kicked that man like?
Who did the officer who called visit James?
Who did the officer who called James visit?
Who did the officer who visited call James?
Who did the officer who visited James call?
Who did the artist who talked to believe this teacher?
Who did the artist who talked to this teacher believe?
Who did the artist who believed talk to this teacher?
Who did the artist who believed this teacher talk to?
Who did the lawyer who trusted select the children?
Who did the lawyer who trusted the children select?
Who did the lawyer who selected trust the children?
Who did the lawyer who selected the children trust?
What did that princess who built end the project?
What did that princess who built the project end?
What did that princess who ended build the project?
What did that princess who ended the project build?
What did the lawyer who understood attack the team?
What did the lawyer who understood the team attack?
What did the lawyer who attacked understand the team?
What did the lawyer who attacked the team understand?
Who did the professor who loved like the teacher?
Who did the professor who loved the teacher like?
Who did the professor who liked love the teacher?
Who did the professor who liked the teacher love?
Who did the customer who protected visit William?
Who did the customer who protected William visit?
Who did the customer who visited follow William?
Who did the customer who visited William follow?
Who did the writer who trusted marry that woman?
Who did the writer who trusted that woman marry?
Who did the writer who kicked trust that woman?
Who did the writer who kicked that woman trust?
Who did this female professor who recognized visit Nick?
Who did this female professor who recognized Nick visit?
Who did this female professor who visited recognize Nick?
Who did this female professor who visited Nick recognize?
Who did the lawyer who understood contact that worker?
Who did the lawyer who understood that worker contact?
Who did the lawyer who contacted understand that worker?
Who did the lawyer who contacted that worker understand?
Who did the visitor who believed trust William?
Who did the visitor who believed William trust?
Who did the visitor who trusted believe William?
Who did the visitor who trusted William believe?
Who did the woman who kicked like this friend?
Who did the woman who kicked this friend like?
Who did the woman who liked marry this friend?
Who did the woman who liked this friend marry?
Who did that male professor who invited visit Nick?
Who did that male professor who invited Nick visit?
Who did that male professor who visited invite Nick?
Who did that male professor who visited Nick invite?
Who did the captain who protected talk to the team?
Who did the captain who protected the team talk to?
Who did the captain who talked to follow the team?
Who did the captain who talked to the team follow?
Who did the female professor who invited hide the student?
Who did the female professor who invited the student hide?
Who did the female professor who hid invite the student?
Who did the female professor who hid the student invite?
Who did the writer who trusted hide this doctor?
Who did the writer who trusted this doctor hide?
Who did the writer who hid trust this doctor?
Who did the writer who hid this doctor trust?
Who did the worker who supported trust the player?
Who did the worker who supported the player trust?
Who did the worker who trusted support the player?
Who did the worker who trusted the player support?
Who did the artist who beat believe that man?
Who did the artist who beat that man believe?
Who did the artist who believed beat that man?
Who did the artist who believed that man beat?
Who did the soldier who defeated hit this man?
Who did the soldier who defeated this man hit?
Who did the soldier who hit defeat this man?
Who did the soldier who hit this man defeat?
Who did the writer who found marry that woman?
Who did the writer who found that woman marry?
Who did the writer who kicked find that woman?
Who did the writer who kicked that woman find?
Who did the prince who visited like the friend?
Who did the prince who visited the friend like?
Who did the prince who liked visit the friend?
Who did the prince who liked the friend visit?
Who did the woman who saw watch this man?
Who did the woman who saw this man watch?
Who did the woman who watched see this man?
Who did the woman who watched this man see?
Who did the judge who kicked visit the soldier?
Who did the judge who kicked the soldier visit?
Who did the judge who visited marry the soldier?
Who did the judge who visited the soldier marry?
Who did the player who trusted support that team?
Who did the player who trusted that team support?
Who did the player who supported trust that team?
Who did the player who supported that team trust?
Who did the officer who trusted call this student?
Who did the officer who trusted this student call?
Who did the officer who called trust this student?
Who did the officer who called this student trust?
Who did the artist who hit see that student?
Who did the artist who hit that student see?
Who did the artist who saw hit that student?
Who did the artist who saw that student hit?
Who did the captain who defeated believe this student?
Who did the captain who defeated this student believe?
Who did the captain who believed defeat this student?
Who did the captain who believed this student defeat?
Who did the teacher who loved meet that student?
Who did the teacher who loved that student meet?
Who did the teacher who met love that student?
Who did the teacher who met that student love?
Who did the visitor who saved meet his leader?
Who did the visitor who saved his leader meet?
Who did the visitor who met save his leader?
Who did the visitor who met his leader save?
Who did the female professor who saved hit that boy?
Who did the female professor who saved that boy hit?
Who did the female professor who hit save that boy?
Who did the female professor who hit that boy save?
Who did the customer who kicked like his friend?
Who did the customer who kicked his friend like?
Who did the customer who liked marry his friend?
Who did the customer who liked his friend marry?
Who did the student who defeated injure the teacher?
Who did the student who defeated the teacher injure?
Who did the student who injured defeat the teacher?
Who did the student who injured the teacher defeat?
Who did the boy who supported select the coach?
Who did the boy who supported the coach select?
Who did the boy who selected support the coach?
Who did the boy who selected the coach support?
Who did that man who invited visit Charles?
Who did that man who invited Charles visit?
Who did that man who visited invite Charles?
Who did that man who visited Charles invite?
Who did this wife who met invite that president?
Who did this wife who met that president invite?
Who did this wife who invited meet that president?
Who did this wife who invited that president meet?
Who did the singer who invited call the police?
Who did the singer who invited the police call?
Who did the singer who called invite the police?
Who did the singer who called the police invite?
Who did the actress who talked to visit Bill?
Who did the actress who talked to Bill visit?
Who did the actress who visited talk to Bill?
Who did the actress who visited Bill talk to?
Who did the female president who hit meet the president?
Who did the female president who hit the president meet?
Who did the female president who met hit the president?
Who did the female president who met the president hit?
Who did the girl who understood contact that officer?
Who did the girl who understood that officer contact?
Who did the girl who contacted understand that officer?
Who did the girl who contacted that officer understand?
Who did the doctor who supported call that teacher?
Who did the doctor who supported that teacher call?
Who did the doctor who called support that teacher?
Who did the doctor who called that teacher support?
Who did the singer who trusted injure the student?
Who did the singer who trusted the student injure?
Who did the singer who injured trust the student?
Who did the singer who injured the student trust?
Who did the writer who found hit the man?
Who did the writer who found the man hit?
Who did the writer who hit find the man?
Who did the writer who hit the man find?
Who did the writer who saw trust the friend?
Who did the writer who saw the friend trust?
Who did the writer who trusted see the friend?
Who did the writer who trusted the friend see?
Who did the prince who saw love the woman?
Who did the prince who saw the woman love?
Who did the prince who loved see the woman?
Who did the prince who loved the woman see?
Who did the manager who contacted marry the woman?
Who did the manager who contacted the woman marry?
Who did the manager who kicked contact the woman?
Who did the manager who kicked the woman contact?
Who did the farmer who understood visit Martin?
Who did the farmer who understood Martin visit?
Who did the farmer who visited understand Martin?
Who did the farmer who visited Martin understand?
Who did the doctor who saved love the parents?
Who did the doctor who saved the parents love?
Who did the doctor who loved save the parents?
Who did the doctor who loved the parents save?
Who did the student who loved watch the woman?
Who did the student who loved the woman watch?
Who did the student who watched love the woman?
Who did the student who watched the woman love?
Who did the president who beat select this coach?
Who did the president who beat this coach select?
Who did the president who selected beat this coach?
Who did the president who selected this coach beat?
Who did the princess who talked to save that friend?
Who did the princess who talked to that friend save?
Who did the princess who saved talk to that friend?
Who did the princess who saved that friend talk to?
Who did this daughter who trusted talk to that member?
Who did this daughter who trusted that member talk to?
Who did this daughter who talked to trust that member?
Who did this daughter who talked to that member trust?
Who did the doctor who saved attack the army?
Who did the doctor who saved the army attack?
Who did the doctor who attacked save the army?
Who did the doctor who attacked the army save?
Who did this female player who found support this student?
Who did this female player who found this student support?
Who did this female player who supported find this student?
Who did this female player who supported this student find?
Who did that king who recognized meet that leader?
Who did that king who recognized that leader meet?
Who did that king who met recognize that leader?
Who did that king who met that leader recognize?
Who did the player who saw beat Bobby?
Who did the player who saw Bobby beat?
Who did the player who beat see Bobby?
Who did the player who beat Bobby see?
Who did the manager who killed trust Alice?
Who did the manager who killed Alice trust?
Who did the manager who trusted kill Alice?
Who did the manager who trusted Alice kill?
Who did the professor who loved visit Ann?
Who did the professor who loved Ann visit?
Who did the professor who visited love Ann?
Who did the professor who visited Ann love?
Who did the student who trusted hit this boy?
Who did the student who trusted this boy hit?
Who did the student who hit trust this boy?
Who did the student who hit this boy trust?
Who did the customer who invited trust Ted?
Who did the customer who invited Ted trust?
Who did the customer who trusted invite Ted?
Who did the customer who trusted Ted invite?
What did the assistant who loved follow the team?
What did the assistant who loved the team follow?
What did the assistant who protected love the team?
What did the assistant who protected the team love?
Who did the musician who found watch that student?
Who did the musician who found that student watch?
Who did the musician who watched find that student?
Who did the musician who watched that student find?
Who did the officer who recognized call this student?
Who did the officer who recognized this student call?
Who did the officer who called recognize this student?
Who did the officer who called this student recognize?
Who did the lawyer who called recognize Helen?
Who did the lawyer who called Helen recognize?
Who did the lawyer who recognized call Helen?
Who did the lawyer who recognized Helen call?
Who did the teacher who loved see that child?
Who did the teacher who loved that child see?
Who did the teacher who saw love that child?
Who did the teacher who saw that child love?
Who did the girl who recognized select the teacher?
Who did the girl who recognized the teacher select?
Who did the girl who selected recognize the teacher?
Who did the girl who selected the teacher recognize?
Who did the farmer who selected save the doctor?
Who did the farmer who selected the doctor save?
Who did the farmer who saved select the doctor?
Who did the farmer who saved the doctor select?
Who did this wife who contacted invite that president?
Who did this wife who contacted that president invite?
Who did this wife who invited contact that president?
Who did this wife who invited that president contact?
Who did the male professor who supported follow that child?
Who did the male professor who supported that child follow?
Who did the male professor who protected support that child?
Who did the male professor who protected that child support?
Who did the manager who defeated recognize Ann?
Who did the manager who defeated Ann recognize?
Who did the manager who recognized defeat Ann?
Who did the manager who recognized Ann defeat?
Who did that mother who contacted love the man?
Who did that mother who contacted the man love?
Who did that mother who loved contact the man?
Who did that mother who loved the man contact?
Who did the man who recognized talk to the leader?
Who did the man who recognized the leader talk to?
Who did the man who talked to recognize the leader?
Who did the man who talked to the leader recognize?
Who did the engineer who kicked select his friend?
Who did the engineer who kicked his friend select?
Who did the engineer who selected marry his friend?
Who did the engineer who selected his friend marry?
Who did the judge who saw hide the teacher?
Who did the judge who saw the teacher hide?
Who did the judge who hid see the teacher?
Who did the judge who hid the teacher see?
Who did the soldier who supported love the man?
Who did the soldier who supported the man love?
Who did the soldier who loved support the man?
Who did the soldier who loved the man support?
Who did that female player who attacked hit that player?
Who did that female player who attacked that player hit?
Who did that female player who hit attack that player?
Who did that female player who hit that player attack?
Who did the officer who attacked invite the president?
Who did the officer who attacked the president invite?
Who did the officer who invited attack the president?
Who did the officer who invited the president attack?
Who did the lawyer who saved see the woman?
Who did the lawyer who saved the woman see?
Who did the lawyer who saw save the woman?
Who did the lawyer who saw the woman save?
Who did that female president who defeated marry that man?
Who did that female president who defeated that man marry?
Who did that female president who kicked defeat that man?
Who did that female president who kicked that man defeat?
Who did the farmer who recognized select the doctor?
Who did the farmer who recognized the doctor select?
Who did the farmer who selected recognize the doctor?
Who did the farmer who selected the doctor recognize?
Who did the judge who selected hide the student?
Who did the judge who selected the student hide?
Who did the judge who hid select the student?
Who did the judge who hid the student select?
Who did the princess who invited talk to that minister?
Who did the princess who invited that minister talk to?
Who did the princess who talked to invite that minister?
Who did the princess who talked to that minister invite?
Who did the engineer who trusted see Anna?
Who did the engineer who trusted Anna see?
Who did the engineer who saw trust Anna?
Who did the engineer who saw Anna trust?
Who did the mother who defeated talk to that player?
Who did the mother who defeated that player talk to?
Who did the mother who talked to defeat that player?
Who did the mother who talked to that player defeat?
Who did this prince who saved defeat Phil?
Who did this prince who saved Phil defeat?
Who did this prince who defeated save Phil?
Who did this prince who defeated Phil save?
Who did the singer who selected find the woman?
Who did the singer who selected the woman find?
Who did the singer who found select the woman?
Who did the singer who found the woman select?