Who did this father learn whether Louis served at the party?
Who did this father learn that Louis served at the party?
What did this father learn whether Louis taught?
What did this father learn that Louis taught?
What might this father find out who taught?
What might this father find out he taught?
What might this father find out who drew?
What might this father find out he drew?
Who did this male professor know whether Ryan found?
Who did this male professor know that Ryan found?
What did this male professor know whether Ryan shared with others?
What did this male professor know that Ryan shared with others?
What won't this male professor know who shared with others?
What won't this male professor know he shared with others?
What won't this male professor know who chose?
What won't this male professor know he chose?
Who did this woman hear whether Elizabeth defeated?
Who did this woman hear that Elizabeth defeated?
What doesn't this woman know who chose?
What doesn't this woman know she chose?
What doesn't this woman know who found?
What doesn't this woman know she found?
What did the man hear whether Anna remembered?
What did the man hear that Anna remembered?
What would the man say who remembered?
What would the man say he remembered?
What would the man say who chose?
What would the man say he chose?
What did this girl see whether Bill built?
What did this girl see that Bill built?
What can't this girl believe who built?
What can't this girl believe she built?
What didn't this male player know who wrote?
What didn't this male player know he wrote?
What didn't this male player know who fought for?
What didn't this male player know he fought for?
Who did this woman see whether Maria taught?
Who did this woman see that Maria taught?
What don't these women tell us who shared?
What don't these women tell us they shared?
Who did this mother learn whether Maria killed?
Who did this mother learn that Maria killed?
What didn't this mother realize who served at the party?
What didn't this mother realize she served at the party?
Who did the lady remember whether Michael served at the party?
Who did the lady remember that Michael served at the party?
What will the lady find out who helped?
What will the lady find out she helped?
Who did the father learn whether Charles asked?
Who did the father learn that Charles asked?
What did the male doctor hear whether Peter was watching?
What did the male doctor hear that Peter was watching?
What did the male doctor hear whether Peter shared?
What did the male doctor hear that Peter shared?
What can't the male doctor believe who shared?
What can't the male doctor believe he shared?
What can't the male doctor believe who finished?
What can't the male doctor believe he finished?
Who did the male president learn whether Steve met?
Who did the male president learn that Steve met?
What did the male president learn whether Steve chose?
What did the male president learn that Steve chose?
What shouldn't the male president find out who chose?
What shouldn't the male president find out he chose?
What shouldn't the male president find out who described?
What shouldn't the male president find out he described?
Who did the female professor explain whether Helen trusted?
Who did the female professor explain that Helen trusted?
What did the female professor explain whether Helen put on the table?
What did the female professor explain that Helen put on the table?
What didn't the female professor realize who put on the table?
What didn't the female professor realize she put on the table?
What didn't the female professor realize who found?
What didn't the female professor realize she found?
What could this lady believe who wrote?
What could this lady believe she wrote?
Who did this daughter know whether Anna saved?
Who did this daughter know that Anna saved?
What did this daughter know whether Anna saved?
What did this daughter know that Anna saved?
What doesn't this daughter find out who saved?
What doesn't this daughter find out she saved?
What doesn't this daughter find out who informed her mother about?
What doesn't this daughter find out she informed her mother about?
Who did the princess explain whether Ann saw?
Who did the princess explain that Ann saw?
What did the princess explain whether Ann saved?
What did the princess explain that Ann saved?
What did the female professor learn whether Louis shared?
What did the female professor learn that Louis shared?
What must the female professor decide who shared?
What must the female professor decide she shared?
What must the female professor decide who taught?
What must the female professor decide she taught?
Who did this woman decide whether Philip helped?
Who did this woman decide that Philip helped?
What did this woman decide whether Philip built?
What did this woman decide that Philip built?
What must this woman decide who built?
What must this woman decide she built?
What must this woman decide who wrote?
What must this woman decide she wrote?
Who did this male doctor say whether Gary helped?
Who did this male doctor say that Gary helped?
What did this male doctor say whether Gary helped?
What did this male doctor say that Gary helped?
What must this male doctor say who helped?
What must this male doctor say he helped?
What must this male doctor say who served at the party?
What must this male doctor say he served at the party?
Who did the female doctor know whether Bill found?
Who did the female doctor know that Bill found?
What did the female doctor know whether Bill made?
What did the female doctor know that Bill made?
What didn't the female doctor realize who made?
What didn't the female doctor realize she made?
What didn't the female doctor realize who finished?
What didn't the female doctor realize she finished?
Who did this father say whether Louis saw?
Who did this father say that Louis saw?
What did this father say whether Louis wrote?
What did this father say that Louis wrote?
What can this father learn who wrote?
What can this father learn he wrote?
What can this father learn who can't control?
What can this father learn he can't control?
Who did this female professor know whether Scott helped?
Who did this female professor know that Scott helped?
What did this female professor know whether Scott taught?
What did this female professor know that Scott taught?
What didn't this female professor realize who taught?
What didn't this female professor realize she taught?
What didn't this female professor realize who was fighting against?
What didn't this female professor realize she was fighting against?
Who did the brother see whether Ryan asked about?
Who did the brother see that Ryan asked about?
Who did this male professor explain whether Joe married?
Who did this male professor explain that Joe married?
What did this male professor explain whether Joe finished?
What did this male professor explain that Joe finished?
What didn't this male professor realize who finished?
What didn't this male professor realize he finished?
What didn't this male professor realize who saved?
What didn't this male professor realize he saved?
What did the male professor say whether Helen chose?
What did the male professor say that Helen chose?
What will the male professor remember who chose?
What will the male professor remember he chose?
What will the male professor remember who learned?
What will the male professor remember he learned?
Who did the father remember whether Mary led?
Who did the father remember that Mary led?
What mustn't the father say who left at home?
What mustn't the father say he left at home?
Who did this lady decide whether Dennis watched?
Who did this lady decide that Dennis watched?
What did this lady decide whether Dennis drew?
What did this lady decide that Dennis drew?
What won't this lady believe who drew?
What won't this lady believe she drew?
Who did the male player know whether Peter trusted?
Who did the male player know that Peter trusted?
What did the male player know whether Peter finished?
What did the male player know that Peter finished?
What does the male player need to find who finished?
What does the male player need to find he finished?
Who did the man remember whether Carl followed?
Who did the man remember that Carl followed?
What did the man remember whether Carl taught?
What did the man remember that Carl taught?
What won't the man tell us who taught?
What won't the man tell us he taught?
What won't the man tell us who informed about?
What won't the man tell us he informed about?
Who did the man see whether Louis attacked?
Who did the man see that Louis attacked?
Who did the princess hear whether Carl followed?
Who did the princess hear that Carl followed?
What did the princess hear whether Carl fought?
What did the princess hear that Carl fought?
What didn't the princess decide who won?
What didn't the princess decide she won?
Who did the male player explain whether Bruce supported?
Who did the male player explain that Bruce supported?
What did the male player explain whether Bruce described?
What did the male player explain that Bruce described?
What would the male player find out who described?
What would the male player find out he described?
Who did this boy hear whether James saw?
Who did this boy hear that James saw?
What did this boy hear whether James learned?
What did this boy hear that James learned?
What will this boy decide who taught his friend?
What will this boy decide he taught his friend?
What will this boy decide who served at the party at the table?
What will this boy decide he served at the party at the table?
Who did this boy know whether Edward met?
Who did this boy know that Edward met?
What did this boy know whether Edward fought for?
What did this boy know that Edward fought for?
Who did the princess say whether Louis led?
Who did the princess say that Louis led?
What did the princess say whether Louis got?
What did the princess say that Louis got?
What can't the princess tell her who got?
What can't the princess tell her she got?
What can't the princess tell her who trusted?
What can't the princess tell her she trusted?
Who did this daughter say whether Steve served at the table?
Who did this daughter say that Steve served at the table?
What did this female president explain whether Jane understood?
What did this female president explain that Jane understood?
What did this female president explain whether Jane played with?
What did this female president explain that Jane played with?
What did this female president decide who played with?
What did this female president decide she played with?
Who did this female president remember whether Bobby told the secret?
Who did this female president remember that Bobby told the secret?
What did this female president remember whether Bobby helped to do?
What did this female president remember that Bobby helped to do?
What won't this female president see who helped to finish?
What won't this female president see she helped to finish?
What won't this female president see who won at the game?
What won't this female president see she won at the game?
What can't this male doctor find out who chose?
What can't this male doctor find out he chose?
Who did this female professor know whether Martin served at the party?
Who did this female professor know that Martin served at the party?
What did this female professor know whether Martin drew?
What did this female professor know that Martin drew?
What won't this female professor realize who drew?
What won't this female professor realize she drew?
What won't this female professor realize who told her student about?
What won't this female professor realize she told her student about?
What did the wife know whether Walter wrote?
What did the wife know that Walter wrote?
What could the wife learn who wrote?
What could the wife learn she wrote?
What could the wife learn who taught?
What could the wife learn she taught?
Who did the mother write whether Jason trained?
Who did the mother write that Jason trained?
What did the mother write whether Jason found?
What did the mother write that Jason found?
Who did the female president learn whether Catherine defeated?
Who did the female president learn that Catherine defeated?
What did the female president learn whether Catherine chose?
What did the female president learn that Catherine chose?
What doesn't the female president say who chose?
What doesn't the female president say she chose?
What doesn't the female president say who raised?
What doesn't the female president say she raised?
Who did the women know whether Sarah joined?
Who did the women know that Sarah joined?
What may the women say who drew?
What may the women say she drew?
Who did this daughter explain whether Jane watched?
Who did this daughter explain that Jane watched?
What did this daughter explain whether Jane learned?
What did this daughter explain that Jane learned?
What didn't the mother say who talked to the student about?
What didn't the mother say she talked to the student about?
Who did the girl decide whether Jane told her about?
Who did the girl decide that Jane told her about?
What did the girl decide whether Jane played with?
What did the girl decide that Jane played with?
What can't the girl know who played with?
What can't the girl know she played with?
What can't the girl know who described?
What can't the girl know she described?
Who did the mother remember whether Richard led?
Who did the mother remember that Richard led?
What did the mother remember whether Richard learned?
What did the mother remember that Richard learned?
What can the mother find out who learned?
What can the mother find out she learned?
Who did this lady know whether Gary taught?
Who did this lady know that Gary taught?
What did this lady know whether Gary drew?
What did this lady know that Gary drew?
What will this lady know who drew?
What will this lady know she drew?
What will this lady know who described?
What will this lady know she described?
Who did the wife write whether Alice met?
Who did the wife write that Alice met?
What did the wife write whether Alice moved?
What did the wife write that Alice moved?
What may the wife remember who moved?
What may the wife remember she moved?
Who did the women decide whether Peter trusted?
Who did the women decide that Peter trusted?
What do the women need to decide who told them about?
What do the women need to decide they told them about?
Who did the male president know whether Mary defeated?
Who did the male president know that Mary defeated?
What did the male president know whether Mary held?
What did the male president know that Mary held?
What didn't the male president remember who held?
What didn't the male president remember he held?
What didn't the male president remember who described?
What didn't the male president remember he described?
Who did this female professor know whether Fred found?
Who did this female professor know that Fred found?
What did this female professor know whether Fred finished?
What did this female professor know that Fred finished?
What may this female professor remember who finished?
What may this female professor remember she finished?
Who did this male player know whether Oliver trained?
Who did this male player know that Oliver trained?
What did this male player know whether Oliver taught?
What did this male player know that Oliver taught?
What could this male player believe who taught?
What could this male player believe he taught?
What could this male player believe who told him about?
What could this male player believe he told him about?
Who did the wife know whether Oliver taught?
Who did the wife know that Oliver taught?
What did the wife know whether Oliver taught?
What did the wife know that Oliver taught?
What couldn't the wife see who taught?
What couldn't the wife see she taught?
Who did the male player remember whether Alice trusted?
Who did the male player remember that Alice trusted?
What did the male player remember whether Alice helped?
What did the male player remember that Alice helped?
What doesn't the male player remember who helped?
What doesn't the male player remember he helped?
What doesn't the male player remember who put on the table?
What doesn't the male player remember he put on the table?
Who did the boy say whether Joe married?
Who did the boy say that Joe married?
What did this male player know whether Edward won in the game?
What did this male player know that Edward won in the game?
What couldn't this male player realize who won?
What couldn't this male player realize he won?
What couldn't this male player realize who informed him about?
What couldn't this male player realize he informed him about?
Who did the mother explain whether Gary saved?
Who did the mother explain that Gary saved?
What did the mother explain whether Gary taught?
What did the mother explain that Gary taught?
What shouldn't the mother find out who taught?
What shouldn't the mother find out she taught?
What shouldn't the mother find out who built?
What shouldn't the mother find out she built?
Who did the male president hear whether Scott loved?
Who did the male president hear that Scott loved?
What did the male president hear whether Scott taught?
What did the male president hear that Scott taught?
What could the male president believe who taught?
What could the male president believe he taught?
What could the male president believe who learned?
What could the male president believe he learned?
Who did the female doctor decide whether Scott followed?
Who did the female doctor decide that Scott followed?
What did the female doctor decide whether Scott fought for?
What did the female doctor decide that Scott fought for?
Who did the female president learn whether Pierre supported?
Who did the female president learn that Pierre supported?
What did the female president learn whether Pierre played with?
What did the female president learn that Pierre played with?
What mustn't the female president remember who played with?
What mustn't the female president remember she played with?
What mustn't the female president remember who told her about?
What mustn't the female president remember she told her about?
Who did this brother explain whether Mary visited?
Who did this brother explain that Mary visited?
What did this brother explain whether Mary learned?
What did this brother explain that Mary learned?
What should this brother remember who learned?
What should this brother remember he learned?
What should this brother remember who helped to do?
What should this brother remember he helped to do?
Who did this girl know whether Philip served at the table?
Who did this girl know that Philip served at the table?
What did this girl know whether Philip described?
What did this girl know that Philip described?
What will this girl believe who described?
What will this girl believe she described?
What will this girl believe who told them?
What will this girl believe she told them?
Who did this female president write whether Thomas supported?
Who did this female president write that Thomas supported?
What did this female president write whether Thomas moved?
What did this female president write that Thomas moved?
What does this female president need to tell him who moved?
What does this female president need to tell him she moved?
Who did this father know whether Jane supported?
Who did this father know that Jane supported?
What did this father know whether Jane learned?
What did this father know that Jane learned?
What must this father decide who learned?
What must this father decide he learned?
What must this father decide who informed him about?
What must this father decide he informed him about?
Who did this lady learn whether Alice defeated?
Who did this lady learn that Alice defeated?
What did the father know whether Anna remembered?
What did the father know that Anna remembered?
What mustn't the father believe who remembered?
What mustn't the father believe he remembered?
What mustn't the father believe who won?
What mustn't the father believe he won?
Who did the female professor hear whether Martin trusted?
Who did the female professor hear that Martin trusted?
What did the female professor hear whether Martin drew?
What did the female professor hear that Martin drew?
What did the female professor remember who drew?
What did the female professor remember she drew?
What did the female professor remember who found?
What did the female professor remember she found?
Who did the male president explain whether Scott followed?
Who did the male president explain that Scott followed?
What did the male president explain whether Scott drew?
What did the male president explain that Scott drew?
What did the mother decide whether James described?
What did the mother decide that James described?
What can't the mother know who described?
What can't the mother know she described?
What can't the mother know who moved?
What can't the mother know she moved?
Who did the king say whether Bobby attacked?
Who did the king say that Bobby attacked?
What did the king say whether Bobby served at the party?
What did the king say that Bobby served at the party?
Who did this brother explain whether Bobby supported?
Who did this brother explain that Bobby supported?
What did this brother explain whether Bobby remembered?
What did this brother explain that Bobby remembered?
What would this brother realize who remembered?
What would this brother realize he remembered?
What would this brother realize who taught?
What would this brother realize he taught?
Who did this female president learn whether Bruce loved?
Who did this female president learn that Bruce loved?
What did this female president learn whether Bruce served at the party?
What did this female president learn that Bruce served at the party?
Who did this wife know whether Tim loved?
Who did this wife know that Tim loved?
What did this wife know whether Tim built?
What did this wife know that Tim built?
What won't this wife know who built?
What won't this wife know she built?
What won't this wife know who wrote?
What won't this wife know she wrote?
Who did the female player learn whether James supported?
Who did the female player learn that James supported?
What did the female player learn whether James found?
What did the female player learn that James found?
What may the female player remember who found?
What may the female player remember she found?
What may the female player remember who remembered?
What may the female player remember she remembered?
Who did the father remember whether Thomas trusted?
Who did the father remember that Thomas trusted?
Who did this girl remember whether Walter called?
Who did this girl remember that Walter called?
What did this girl remember whether Walter talked to her about?
What did this girl remember that Walter talked to her about?
What should this girl say who described?
What should this girl say she described?
Who did this mother know whether Anna told the story?
Who did this mother know that Anna told the story?
What did this mother know whether Anna described?
What did this mother know that Anna described?
Who did the wife hear whether Ruth watched?
Who did the wife hear that Ruth watched?
What did the wife hear whether Ruth moved?
What did the wife hear that Ruth moved?
What will the wife remember who moved?
What will the wife remember she moved?
What will the wife remember who raised?
What will the wife remember she raised?
Who did the man hear whether Bruce visited?
Who did the man hear that Bruce visited?
What did the mother learn whether Ted taught?
What did the mother learn that Ted taught?
Who did the women say whether Tim trusted?
Who did the women say that Tim trusted?
What did the women say whether Tim trusted?
What did the women say that Tim trusted?
What will the women find out who talked to her about?
What will the women find out she talked to her about?
What will the women find out who wrote?
What will the women find out they wrote?
Who did this male president learn whether James saved?
Who did this male president learn that James saved?
What did this male president learn whether James won?
What did this male president learn that James won?
Who did the brother know whether Jason met?
Who did the brother know that Jason met?
What did the brother know whether Jason won?
What did the brother know that Jason won?
What couldn't the brother realize who won?
What couldn't the brother realize he won?
What couldn't the brother realize who taught?
What couldn't the brother realize he taught?
Who did this father think whether Kelly met?
Who did this father think that Kelly met?
What will this father say who left at home?
What will this father say he left at home?
Who did this mother say whether Ryan saw?
Who did this mother say that Ryan saw?
What did this mother say whether Ryan described?
What did this mother say that Ryan described?
What will this male president remember who saved?
What will this male president remember he saved?
What will this male president remember who described?
What will this male president remember he described?
What can't this man know who talked to John about?
What can't this man know he talked to John about?
Who did the princess hear whether Alice found?
Who did the princess hear that Alice found?
What did the princess hear whether Alice built?
What did the princess hear that Alice built?
What won't the princess tell her who built?
What won't the princess tell her she built?
What won't the princess tell her who raised?
What won't the princess tell her she raised?
Who did this female player think whether Philip asked about?
Who did this female player think that Philip asked about?
What did this female player think whether Philip controlled?
What did this female player think that Philip controlled?
What can't this female player realize who controlled?
What can't this female player realize she controlled?
What can't this female player realize who built?
What can't this female player realize she built?
Who did the wife know whether Steve led?
Who did the wife know that Steve led?
What did the wife know whether Steve made?
What did the wife know that Steve made?
What can't the wife see who made?
What can't the wife see she made?
What can't the wife see who hit?
What can't the wife see she hit?
Who did this female president think whether Richard defeated?
Who did this female president think that Richard defeated?
What did this female president think whether Richard moved?
What did this female president think that Richard moved?
Who did the female professor remember whether Alice trusted?
Who did the female professor remember that Alice trusted?
What did the female professor remember whether Alice chose?
What did the female professor remember that Alice chose?
Who did this female player say whether Catherine trained?
Who did this female player say that Catherine trained?
What did this female player say whether Catherine finished?
What did this female player say that Catherine finished?
Who did the mother know whether Maria led?
Who did the mother know that Maria led?
What couldn't the mother say who made?
What couldn't the mother say she made?
What did this female professor remember whether Alice hit?
What did this female professor remember that Alice hit?
What would this female professor tell who hit?
What would this female professor tell she hit?
What would this female professor tell who remembered?
What would this female professor tell she remembered?
Who did this mother remember whether Ann defeated?
Who did this mother remember that Ann defeated?
What will this mother believe who shared with her?
What will this mother believe she shared with her?
Who did the father hear whether Bruce served at the party?
Who did the father hear that Bruce served at the party?
What did the father hear whether Bruce found?
What did the father hear that Bruce found?
What couldn't the father see who found?
What couldn't the father see he found?
Who did the brother remember whether Victoria defeated?
Who did the brother remember that Victoria defeated?
What did the brother remember whether Victoria remembered?
What did the brother remember that Victoria remembered?
Who did this brother learn whether Victoria visited?
Who did this brother learn that Victoria visited?
What didn't this brother know who found?
What didn't this brother know he found?
Who did the wife know whether Ted invited to the party?
Who did the wife know that Ted invited to the party?
Who did this male professor hear whether Kevin asked about?
Who did this male professor hear that Kevin asked about?
What did this male professor hear whether Kevin helped with?
What did this male professor hear that Kevin helped with?
What didn't this male professor see who helped with?
What didn't this male professor see he helped with?
What did this mother say whether Charles made?
What did this mother say that Charles made?
Who did this brother know whether Kevin met?
Who did this brother know that Kevin met?
What could this brother remember who taught?
What could this brother remember he taught?
Who did this female doctor learn whether Charles trusted?
Who did this female doctor learn that Charles trusted?
What did this female doctor learn whether Charles served at the party?
What did this female doctor learn that Charles served at the party?
What will this female doctor find out who served at the party?
What will this female doctor find out she served at the party?
What will this female doctor find out who won?
What will this female doctor find out she won?
Who did this boy know whether Richard saved?
Who did this boy know that Richard saved?
What did this boy know whether Richard drew?
What did this boy know that Richard drew?
What doesn't this boy learn who drew?
What doesn't this boy learn he drew?
What doesn't this boy learn who fought for?
What doesn't this boy learn he fought for?
Who did the prince hear whether Kelly trusted?
Who did the prince hear that Kelly trusted?
What did the prince hear whether Kelly helped with?
What did the prince hear that Kelly helped with?
Who did this female doctor know whether Edward defeated?
Who did this female doctor know that Edward defeated?
What did this female doctor know whether Edward built?
What did this female doctor know that Edward built?
What may this female doctor learn who built?
What may this female doctor learn she built?
Who did the male player explain whether Sarah attacked?
Who did the male player explain that Sarah attacked?
What did the male player explain whether Sarah helped with?
What did the male player explain that Sarah helped with?
What didn't the male player know who helped with?
What didn't the male player know he helped with?
Who did the king say whether Elizabeth invited to the party?
Who did the king say that Elizabeth invited to the party?
What did the king say whether Elizabeth served at the party?
What did the king say that Elizabeth served at the party?
What would the king know who liked?
What would the king know he liked?
What would the king know who saved?
What would the king know he saved?
Who did the women learn whether Mary liked?
Who did the women learn that Mary liked?
What did the women learn whether Mary shared with her?
What did the women learn that Mary shared with her?
What don't the women know who shared?
What don't the women know she shared?
What don't the women know who raised?
What don't the women know she raised?
Who did this lady remember whether Alice trained with?
Who did this lady remember that Alice trained with?
What did this lady remember whether Alice controlled?
What did this lady remember that Alice controlled?
Who did this female doctor know whether Maria met with?
Who did this female doctor know that Maria met with?
What did this female doctor know whether Maria helped with?
What did this female doctor know that Maria helped with?
What can't this female doctor find out who helped with?
What can't this female doctor find out she helped with?
What can't this female doctor find out who talked to her about?
What can't this female doctor find out she talked to her about?
Who did this princess remember whether Kelly trained?
Who did this princess remember that Kelly trained?
What did this princess remember whether Kelly raised?
What did this princess remember that Kelly raised?
Who did the daughter think whether Ryan attacked?
Who did the daughter think that Ryan attacked?
What did the daughter think whether Ryan built?
What did the daughter think that Ryan built?
Who did the women hear whether Pierre saw?
Who did the women hear that Pierre saw?
What did the women hear whether Pierre informed him about?
What did the women hear that Pierre informed him about?
What will the women remember who informed her about?
What will the women remember she informed her about?
Who did this female doctor remember whether Helen loved?
Who did this female doctor remember that Helen loved?
What did this female doctor remember whether Helen taught?
What did this female doctor remember that Helen taught?
What should this female doctor decide who taught?
What should this female doctor decide she taught?
What should this female doctor decide who told the man?
What should this female doctor decide she told the man?
What did this brother say whether Maria moved to her house?
What did this brother say that Maria moved to her house?
Who did the mother hear whether Bruce led?
Who did the mother hear that Bruce led?
What did the mother hear whether Bruce made?
What did the mother hear that Bruce made?
Who did the male player hear whether Kelly married?
Who did the male player hear that Kelly married?
What did the male player hear whether Kelly taught?
What did the male player hear that Kelly taught?
What might the male player find out who taught?
What might the male player find out he taught?
What might the male player find out who told us?
What might the male player find out he told us?
Who did this daughter explain whether Victoria met?
Who did this daughter explain that Victoria met?
What did this daughter explain whether Victoria shared?
What did this daughter explain that Victoria shared?
What does this daughter know who shared with her mother?
What does this daughter know she shared with her mother?
What does this daughter know who built?
What does this daughter know she built?
Who did the female president explain whether Philip found?
Who did the female president explain that Philip found?
What did the female president explain whether Philip made?
What did the female president explain that Philip made?
What will the female president learn who made?
What will the female president learn she made?
What will the female president learn who learned?
What will the female president learn she learned?
Who did this female president remember whether Fred joined?
Who did this female president remember that Fred joined?
Who did this woman say whether Carl met?
Who did this woman say that Carl met?
What did this woman say whether Carl drew?
What did this woman say that Carl drew?
What didn't this woman remember who drew?
What didn't this woman remember she drew?
What didn't this woman remember who chose?
What didn't this woman remember she chose?
Who did this daughter remember whether Philip invited?
Who did this daughter remember that Philip invited?
What did this daughter remember whether Philip moved to his house?
What did this daughter remember that Philip moved to his house?
What will this man say who told the doctor about?
What will this man say he told the doctor about?
Who did the female professor learn whether Tim attacked?
Who did the female professor learn that Tim attacked?
What did the female professor learn whether Tim saved?
What did the female professor learn that Tim saved?
What can the female professor believe who saved?
What can the female professor believe she saved?
What can the female professor believe who found?
What can the female professor believe she found?
Who did this wife remember whether Catherine trusted?
Who did this wife remember that Catherine trusted?
What did this wife remember whether Catherine drew?
What did this wife remember that Catherine drew?
What doesn't this wife know who drew?
What doesn't this wife know she drew?
Who did the father know whether James visited?
Who did the father know that James visited?
What did the father know whether James taught?
What did the father know that James taught?
Who did this brother learn whether Mary taught English to?
Who did this brother learn that Mary taught English to?
Who did this brother learn whether Mary shared the food with?
Who did this brother learn that Mary shared the food with?
Who could this father learn who shared the room with?
Who could this father learn he shared the room with?
Who did this male doctor write whether James visited?
Who did this male doctor write that James visited?
What did this male doctor write whether James informed him about?
What did this male doctor write that James informed him about?
What did this male doctor decide who made up?
What did this male doctor decide he made up?
What did the male president think whether Sarah saved?
What did the male president think that Sarah saved?
What shouldn't the male president know who saved?
What shouldn't the male president know he saved?
What shouldn't the male president know who helped with?
What shouldn't the male president know he helped with?
Who did this lady say whether Ryan joined?
Who did this lady say that Ryan joined?
What did this mother learn whether Fred watched?
What did this mother learn that Fred watched?
What did this mother learn whether Fred wrote?
What did this mother learn that Fred wrote?
What won't this mother see who wrote?
What won't this mother see she wrote?
What won't this mother see who raised?
What won't this mother see she raised?
Who did the male doctor learn whether Alice supported?
Who did the male doctor learn that Alice supported?
What did the male doctor learn whether Alice found?
What did the male doctor learn that Alice found?
What couldn't the male doctor learn who found?
What couldn't the male doctor learn he found?
What couldn't the male doctor remember who wrote?
What couldn't the male doctor remember he wrote?
Who did the princess remember whether Elizabeth trained?
Who did the princess remember that Elizabeth trained?
What did the princess write whether Elizabeth drew?
What did the princess write that Elizabeth drew?
What didn't the princess say who drew?
What didn't the princess say she drew?
What didn't the princess say who won?
What didn't the princess say she won?
Who did this female professor explain whether Elizabeth attacked?
Who did this female professor explain that Elizabeth attacked?
What did this female professor explain whether Elizabeth taught?
What did this female professor explain that Elizabeth taught?
Who did this female professor hear whether Louis helped?
Who did this female professor hear that Louis helped?
What did this female professor hear whether Louis finished?
What did this female professor hear that Louis finished?
What couldn't this female professor learn who finished?
What couldn't this female professor learn she finished?
Who did the male president know whether Carl understood at the meeting?
Who did the male president know that Carl understood at the meeting?
What did the male president know whether Carl shared with him?
What did the male president know that Carl shared with him?
What would the male president learn who shared with the man?
What would the male president learn he shared with the man?
What would the male president learn who helped with?
What would the male president learn he helped with?
Who did the male president hear whether Ryan supported?
Who did the male president hear that Ryan supported?
What did the male president hear whether Ryan moved?
What did the male president hear that Ryan moved?
What can the male president learn who moved?
What can the male president learn he moved?
What can the male president learn who made?
What can the male president learn he made?
Who did this male player see whether Dennis invited?
Who did this male player see that Dennis invited?
What did this male player see whether Dennis trusted?
What did this male player see that Dennis trusted?
What could this male player decide who trusted?
What could this male player decide he trusted?
What did the man remember whether Catherine made?
What did the man remember that Catherine made?
What can't the man remember who made?
What can't the man remember he made?
What can't the man remember who moved?
What can't the man remember he moved?
Who did this brother write whether Gary called?
Who did this brother write that Gary called?
What will this brother learn who taught?
What will this brother learn he taught?
Who did the mother explain whether Kevin led?
Who did the mother explain that Kevin led?
What did the mother explain whether Kevin informed her about?
What did the mother explain that Kevin informed her about?
What couldn't the mother know who informed her about?
What couldn't the mother know she informed her about?
What couldn't the mother know who talked to her about?
What couldn't the mother know she talked to her about?
Who did this female doctor explain whether Dennis talked to her about?
Who did this female doctor explain that Dennis talked to her about?
What did this female doctor explain whether Dennis informed her about?
What did this female doctor explain that Dennis informed her about?
What can this female doctor say who informed her about?
What can this female doctor say she informed her about?
What can this female doctor say who shared with her?
What can this female doctor say she shared with her?
Who did the lady remember whether Martin hit?
Who did the lady remember that Martin hit?
What did the lady remember whether Martin described?
What did the lady remember that Martin described?
What would the lady remember who described?
What would the lady remember she described?
Who did this female doctor learn whether Edward supported?
Who did this female doctor learn that Edward supported?
What did this female doctor learn whether Edward moved?
What did this female doctor learn that Edward moved?
What must this female doctor remember who moved?
What must this female doctor remember she moved?
What must this female doctor remember who found?
What must this female doctor remember she found?
Who did this prince hear whether Anna trusted?
Who did this prince hear that Anna trusted?
What did this prince hear whether Anna drew?
What did this prince hear that Anna drew?
Who did the prince write whether Gary trained?
Who did the prince write that Gary trained?
What did the prince write whether Gary taught?
What did the prince write that Gary taught?
What does the prince say who taught?
What does the prince say he taught?
What does the prince say who learned because of him?
What does the prince say he learned because of him?
Who did the daughter think whether Fred loved?
Who did the daughter think that Fred loved?
Who did the princess learn whether Walter found?
Who did the princess learn that Walter found?
What didn't the princess tell her who taught?
What didn't the princess tell her she taught?
Who did this wife say whether Charles visited?
Who did this wife say that Charles visited?
What did this wife say whether Charles told us?
What did this wife say that Charles told us?
Who did this male doctor know whether Kevin invited?
Who did this male doctor know that Kevin invited?
What did this male doctor know whether Kevin helped with?
What did this male doctor know that Kevin helped with?
What doesn't this male doctor believe who helped with?
What doesn't this male doctor believe he helped with?
What doesn't this male doctor believe who taught?
What doesn't this male doctor believe he taught?
Who did the prince hear whether Steve found?
Who did the prince hear that Steve found?
What did the prince hear whether Steve hit?
What did the prince hear that Steve hit?
What might the prince remember who hit?
What might the prince remember he hit?
What might the prince remember who won?
What might the prince remember he won?
Who did this woman learn whether Ted called?
Who did this woman learn that Ted called?
What did this woman learn whether Ted controlled?
What did this woman learn that Ted controlled?
What may this woman learn who controlled?
What may this woman learn she controlled?
What may this woman learn who fought for?
What may this woman learn she fought for?
Who did the women say whether Kevin served at the party?
Who did the women say that Kevin served at the party?
What did the women say whether Kevin won?
What did the women say that Kevin won?
What won't the women reveal who won?
What won't the women reveal she won?
What won't the women reveal who told us?
What won't the women reveal she told us?
Who did this brother say whether Ryan met with?
Who did this brother say that Ryan met with?
Who did the male president explain whether Ruth loved very much?
Who did the male president explain that Ruth loved very much?
What did the male president explain whether Ruth held?
What did the male president explain that Ruth held?
What mustn't the male president believe who held?
What mustn't the male president believe he held?
What mustn't the male president believe who found?
What mustn't the male president believe he found?
Who did this female doctor say whether Nick joined?
Who did this female doctor say that Nick joined?
What will this female doctor say who wrote about?
What will this female doctor say she wrote about?
Who did this male president explain whether Philip helped?
Who did this male president explain that Philip helped?
What did this male president explain whether Philip held?
What did this male president explain that Philip held?
What couldn't this male president learn who held?
What couldn't this male president learn he held?
What couldn't this male president learn who taught?
What couldn't this male president learn he taught?
Who did this boy hear whether Scott trusted?
Who did this boy hear that Scott trusted?
What can this male professor remember who remembered?
What can this male professor remember he remembered?
What did this male player explain whether Catherine taught?
What did this male player explain that Catherine taught?
Who did the girl explain whether Kelly remembered?
Who did the girl explain that Kelly remembered?
What did the girl explain whether Kelly wrote?
What did the girl explain that Kelly wrote?
Who did this brother hear whether Thomas supported?
Who did this brother hear that Thomas supported?
What did this brother hear whether Thomas talked to him about?
What did this brother hear that Thomas talked to him about?
What would this brother know who remembered?
What would this brother know he remembered?
What mustn't this wife believe who described?
What mustn't this wife believe she described?
Who did the female professor know whether Helen met?
Who did the female professor know that Helen met?
What did the female professor know whether Helen played?
What did the female professor know that Helen played?
Who did this princess learn whether Mary trusted?
Who did this princess learn that Mary trusted?
What would this prince see who fought for?
What would this prince see he fought for?
What would this prince see who controlled?
What would this prince see he controlled?
What did this man write whether Walter made?
What did this man write that Walter made?
What couldn't this man find out who made?
What couldn't this man find out he made?
What couldn't this man find out who chose?
What couldn't this man find out he chose?
What would the brother believe who found?
What would the brother believe he found?
What didn't this king tell who helped?
What didn't this king tell he helped?
What mustn't the boy say who described?
What mustn't the boy say he described?
What mustn't the boy say who talked to him about?
What mustn't the boy say he talked to him about?
What did the boy see whether Helen drew on the paper?
What did the boy see that Helen drew on the paper?
What doesn't this male professor know who talked to him about?
What doesn't this male professor know he talked to him about?
What doesn't this male professor know who played with?
What doesn't this male professor know he played with?
What will the male player say who moved to the park?
What will the male player say he moved to the park?
What didn't this female president know who saved?
What didn't this female president know she saved?
Who did this female doctor hear whether Ted attacked?
Who did this female doctor hear that Ted attacked?
What did this female doctor hear whether Ted talked to her about?
What did this female doctor hear that Ted talked to her about?
Who did the mother explain whether Michael invited to the party?
Who did the mother explain that Michael invited to the party?
What couldn't the mother remember who taught?
What couldn't the mother remember she taught?
What won't this male professor decide who won?
What won't this male professor decide he won?
What did the brother learn who shared with the man?
What did the brother learn he shared with the man?
What did the brother learn who taught?
What did the brother learn he taught?
What can't this lady know who found?
What can't this lady know she found?
What can't this lady know who helped with?
What can't this lady know she helped with?
What did the female doctor think whether Alice helped with?
What did the female doctor think that Alice helped with?