Who should Mike tell a story to Jonathan while helping?
Who should Mike tell a story to while helping Jonathan?
What did Sarah throw the ball after putting at home?
What did Sarah throw after putting the ball at home?
Who should this boy tell the story to Richard after hitting?
Who should this boy tell the story to after hitting Richard?
Who should Helen ask Catherine after arresting?
Who should Helen ask after arresting Catherine?
Who did Ann see Kelly while attacking?
Who did Ann see while attacking Kelly?
What did Ann show the result after producing?
What did Ann show after producing the result?
Who should that father mention Ruth when telling the story to?
Who should that father mention when telling the story to Ruth?
What did that father talk about history when studying?
What did that father talk about when studying history?
Who should this president kill Andy before meeting?
Who should this president kill before meeting Andy?
What did this president build the system before developing?
What did this president build before developing the system?
Who should Peter trust Jerry after arresting?
Who should Peter trust after arresting Jerry?
What did Peter help the student to do after arresting?
What did Peter help to do after arresting the student?
What should Walter watch Sarah before killing?
What should Walter watch before killing Sarah?
What did Walter ask the question before answering?
What did Walter ask before answering the question?
Who should the doctor talk to Louis after writing about?
Who should the doctor talk to after writing about Louis?
What did the doctor hear the music after writing?
What did the doctor hear after writing the music?
Who should Jason ask Catherine after leaving at home?
Who should Jason ask after leaving Catherine at home?
Who should Louis call Jonathan after sending the letter?
Who should Louis call after sending Jonathan the letter?
Who should Victoria meet Jason while sharing the food with?
Who should Victoria meet while sharing the food with Jason?
Who did Victoria like the children while sharing the food with?
Who did Victoria like while sharing the food with the children?
Who should this professor support Victor while choosing?
Who should this professor support while choosing Victor?
What did the girl throw the ball when she decided not to throw?
What did the girl throw when she decided not to throw the ball?
What did this doctor enjoy the music while performing?
What did this doctor enjoy while performing the music?
What did the brother take the picture after drawing?
What did the brother take after drawing the picture?
Who should Bill understand Catherine before marrying?
Who should Bill understand before marrying Catherine?
Who should Anthony follow Adam when protecting?
Who should Anthony follow when protecting Adam?
Who should Richard meet Alice after informing?
Who should Richard meet after informing Alice?
What did Richard serve the government after informing?
What did Richard serve after informing the government?
Who should this father teach Tony after telling a story to?
Who should this father teach after telling a story to Tony?
What did this father hear the music after enjoying?
What did this father hear after enjoying the music?
Who should Catherine serve Peter when marrying?
Who should Catherine serve when marrying Peter?
What did Mary attack the enemy when saving?
What did Mary attack when saving the enemy?
What did that daughter paint the wall without creating?
What did that daughter paint without creating the wall?
Who should Jerry help Tony when explaining the rules to?
Who should Jerry help when explaining the rules to Tony?
What did Jerry report the crime when explaining?
What did Jerry report when explaining the crime?
Who should Elizabeth teach Tony before attacking?
Who should Elizabeth teach before attacking Tony?
What did Elizabeth bring the people before attacking?
What did Elizabeth bring before attacking the people?
Who should that player call Fred when writing to?
Who should that player call when writing to Fred?
Who did that player play with the team when writing to?
Who did that player play with when writing to the team?
Who should Louis lead Elizabeth while informing?
Who should Louis lead while informing Elizabeth?
What did Louis see the film while explaining?
What did Louis see while explaining the film?
Who should Louis support Peter when writing to?
Who should Louis support when writing to Peter?
What did Louis start the project when writing?
What did Louis start when writing the project?
Who should the player defeat Martin when fighting with?
Who should the player defeat when fighting with Martin?
What did the player report the crime when committing?
What did the player report when committing the crime?
Who should Sarah meet Anna without teaching?
Who should Sarah meet without teaching Anna?
What did Sarah carry the arms without teaching?
What did Sarah carry without teaching the arms?
Who should that professor defeat Jason before loving?
Who should that professor defeat before loving Jason?
What did that professor make the plan before loving?
What did that professor make before loving the plan?
Who should that brother follow Scott while explaining to?
Who should that brother follow while explaining to Scott?
What did that brother report the crime while explaining?
What did that brother report while explaining the crime?
Who should Roger call Charles after putting at home?
Who should Roger call after putting Charles at home?
Who did Roger support the team after putting in trouble?
Who did Roger support after putting the team in trouble?
Who should Bill serve Scott before helping?
Who should Bill serve before helping Scott?
What did Bill understand the story before telling?
What did Bill understand before telling the story?
Who should Jason follow Charles when facing?
Who should Jason follow when facing Charles?
What did Jason serve the community when facing?
What did Jason serve when facing the community?
Who should Walter save Helen before helping?
Who should Walter save before helping Helen?
What did Walter learn history before reading?
What did Walter learn before reading history?
Who should Bill visit Ted without taking?
Who should Bill visit without taking Ted?
Who should Michael watch Martin while understanding?
Who should Michael watch while understanding Martin?
Who should Bobby meet Walter when helping?
Who should Bobby meet when helping Walter?
Who should the princess tell Ruth the story while saving?
Who should the princess tell the story while saving Ruth?
Who should that mother love Ann after telling the news?
Who should that mother love after telling Ann the news?
Who should the professor meet Peter before following?
Who should the professor meet before following Peter?
Who should that father ask Richard without telling the news?
Who should that father ask without telling Richard the news?
Who should this prince teach Elizabeth before loving?
Who should this prince teach before loving Elizabeth?
Who should the player love Richard after understanding?
Who should the player love after understanding Richard?
What did Richard send the news when reporting?
What did Richard send when reporting the news?
What did Ann serve the community without supporting?
What did Ann serve without supporting the community?
Who should Patrick train Victoria without meeting?
Who should Patrick train without meeting Victoria?
What did Patrick send the message without reading?
What did Patrick send without reading the message?
Who should the president support Mary before leaving?
Who should the president support before leaving Mary?
What did the president teach the course before retiring from?
What did the president teach before retiring from the course?
Who should this player serve Elizabeth without explaining to?
Who should this player serve without explaining to Elizabeth?
What did that princess read the news before finding?
What did that princess read before finding the news?
What did that princess keep the car without using?
What did that princess keep without using the car?
Who did Alice invite her friend after seeing?
Who did Alice invite after seeing her friend?
Who should Joe help Jason after calling?
Who should Joe help after calling Jason?
What did Catherine hit the target when describing?
What did Catherine hit when describing the target?
Who should this princess love Walter without supporting?
Who should this princess love without supporting Walter?
Who should Brian invite Peter when trusting?
Who should Brian invite when trusting Peter?
What did Walter love the family before enjoying?
What did Walter love before enjoying the family?
Who should Henry join Fred after watching for a while?
Who should Henry join after watching Fred for a while?
Who should Scott see Jane without reaching?
Who should Scott see without reaching Jane?
Who should that lady invite Pierre before seeing?
Who should that lady invite before seeing Pierre?
What did that lady manage the team before seeing?
What did that lady manage before seeing the team?
Who should the daughter marry Henry after reporting?
Who should the daughter marry after reporting Henry?
What did that princess describe the task without performing?
What did that princess describe without performing the task?
Who should Maria defeat Scott when playing with?
Who should Maria defeat when playing with Scott?
Who should Victoria help Scott after facing?
Who should Victoria help after facing Scott?
Who should Roger visit Bill before loving?
Who should Roger visit before loving Bill?
What did Kelly start the war without controlling?
What did Kelly start without controlling the war?
What did the teacher read the book after grading?
What did the teacher read after grading the book?
Who should Bobby follow Andy before asking about?
Who should Bobby follow before asking about Andy?
Who did Bobby play with the team before asking about?
Who did Bobby play with before asking about the team?
Who should the player join Alice after protecting?
Who should the player join after protecting Alice?
What did the player attack the enemy after protecting?
What did the player attack after protecting the enemy?
Who should Jason lead Jane when carrying?
Who should Jason lead when carrying Jane?
Who should Jane support Tom before finding?
Who should Jane support before finding Tom?
Who should Bill tell Sarah the story after saving?
Who should Bill tell the story after saving Sarah?
Who should Roger meet Kelly after giving the money?
Who should Roger meet after giving Kelly the money?
What did Roger hit the ball after giving him?
What did Roger hit after giving him the ball?
Who should the father marry Alice before telling the secret to?
Who should the father marry before telling the secret to Alice?
Who should Richard watch Bill when choosing?
Who should Richard watch when choosing Bill?
What did Richard teach the course when choosing?
What did Richard teach when choosing the course?
Who should Matt invite Walter without drawing a picture of?
Who should Matt invite without drawing a picture of Walter?
Who should Patrick beat Jonathan without following?
Who should Patrick beat without following Jonathan?
What did Patrick understand the story without following?
What did Patrick understand without following the story?
Who should Elizabeth lead Patrick while sitting with?
Who should Elizabeth lead while sitting with Patrick?
What did Elizabeth write the book while holding?
What did Elizabeth write while holding the book?
Who should that lady trust Tom after proving correct?
Who should that lady trust after proving Tom correct?
What did that lady add the record after proving correct?
What did that lady add after proving the record correct?
What did Catherine feed the birds after following?
What did Catherine feed after following the birds?
Who should this woman help Mike after trusting?
Who should this woman help after trusting Mike?
Who should that professor teach Anna after trusting?
Who should that professor teach after trusting Anna?
What did Maria explain the problem before facing?
What did Maria explain before facing the problem?
Who should Andy visit Ruth while protecting?
Who should Andy visit while protecting Ruth?
What did Andy create the program while protecting?
What did Andy create while protecting the program?
Who should this player call Jonathan after understanding?
Who should this player call after understanding Jonathan?
Who should Carl follow Joe while asking about?
Who should Carl follow while asking about Joe?
What did Carl fix the car while asking about?
What did Carl fix while asking about the car?
What did this father close the door after opening?
What did this father close after opening the door?
What did Anna keep the letter when talking about?
What did Anna keep when talking about the letter?
Who should Joe join Ted before reaching?
Who should Joe join before reaching Ted?
Who should Patrick find Peter without following?
Who should Patrick find without following Peter?
What should the girl believe the idea when giving up?
What should the girl believe when giving up the idea?
What did that doctor reach the agreement when describing?
What did that doctor reach when describing the agreement?
Who should Ted trust Anna while bringing?
Who should Ted trust while bringing Anna?
Who should that president help Kelly without talking to?
Who should that president help without talking to Kelly?
Who did that president attack the enemy after talking to?
Who did that president attack after talking to the enemy?
What did Victor serve the community after helping?
What did Victor serve after helping the community?
Who should Adam attack Brian while drawing a picture of?
Who should Adam attack while drawing a picture of Brian?
Who should Ruth teach Catherine without helping?
Who should Ruth teach without helping Catherine?
Who should the brother find Maria without looking for?
Who should the brother find without looking for Maria?
What did the brother read the book after finding?
What did the brother read after finding the book?
Who should Jerry meet Jane before joining?
Who should Jerry meet before joining Jane?
What did Jerry fight against the enemy before joining?
What did Jerry fight against before joining the enemy?
Who should Patrick teach Anthony after sending a letter?
Who should Patrick teach after sending Anthony a letter?
Who should that wife ask Helen while catching?
Who should that wife ask while catching Helen?
What did Patrick open the letter after sending to someone?
What did Patrick open after sending the letter to someone?
What did Jonathan start the program after starting on time?
What did Jonathan start after starting the program on time?
Who should that wife ask Helen while catching up with?
Who should that wife ask while catching up with Helen?
What did the wife support the family when caring for?
What did the wife support when caring for the family?
Who should Victor invite Kelly while telling about?
Who should Victor invite while telling about Kelly?
What did Fred describe the picture before choosing from?
What did Fred describe before choosing from the picture?
What did Pierre reach the goal without talking about?
What did Pierre reach without talking about the goal?
Who should that professor defeat Victor when trusting?
Who should that professor defeat when trusting Victor?
What did Anna report the news after creating?
What did Anna report after creating the news?
Who should Tom support Pierre without telling the story to?
Who should Tom support without telling the story to Pierre?
What did Jerry drive the car before designing?
What did Jerry drive before designing the car?
Who should Jonathan teach Victor while writing to?
Who should Jonathan teach while writing to Victor?
What did Jonathan face the problem while handling?
What did Jonathan face while handling the problem?
Who should this father lead Charles before telling something to?
Who should this father lead before telling something to Charles?
What did this father see the doctor before telling something to?
What did this father see before telling something to the doctor?
Who should Pierre defeat Jerry after attacking?
Who should Pierre defeat after attacking Jerry?
What did Pierre learn the language after protecting?
What did Pierre learn after protecting the language?
Who should Michael lead Jerry while playing with?
Who should Michael lead while playing with Jerry?
Who should Sarah watch Scott after following?
Who should Sarah watch after following Scott?
What did Sarah fight the enemy after following?
What did Sarah fight after following the enemy?
Who should Henry defeat Anna without protecting?
Who should Henry defeat without protecting Anna?
What did Henry show the professor the evidence without protecting?
What did Henry show the professor without protecting the evidence?
Who should Elizabeth ask Catherine before attacking?
Who should Elizabeth ask before attacking Catherine?
What did Elizabeth eat the food before saving?
What did Elizabeth eat before saving the food?
Who did the mother invite the committee before telling something to?
Who did the mother invite before telling something to the committee?
Who should that man teach Matt after remembering?
Who should that man teach after remembering Matt?
What did that man believe the news while feeling happy about?
What did that man believe while feeling happy about the news?
Who should this woman serve Anthony before controlling?
Who should this woman serve before controlling Anthony?
Who should Maria teach Victor while earning money for?
Who should Maria teach while earning money for Victor?
Who should Andy love Walter without marrying?
Who should Andy love without marrying Walter?
Who should Jason marry Jane before finding?
Who should Jason marry before finding Jane?
Who should Victoria defeat Anna without writing to?
Who should Victoria defeat without writing to Anna?
Who should Jason tell Jane the secret after calling?
Who should Jason tell the secret after calling Jane?
Who should Victor find Patrick when living with?
Who should Victor find when living with Patrick?
What did Victor raise the question when having?
What did Victor raise when having the question?
Who should Pierre ask Tom before closing the deal with?
Who should Pierre ask before closing the deal with Tom?
What did Pierre watch the game before playing?
What did Pierre watch before playing the game?
Who should Jonathan tell the story to Fred without catching up with?
Who should Jonathan tell the story to without catching up with Fred?
Who should Patrick join Ted before performing with?
Who should Patrick join before performing with Ted?
Who did Patrick help Jack before performing for?
Who did Patrick help before performing for Jack?
Who should this man trust Ruth after losing to?
Who should this man trust after losing to Ruth?
What did this man attack the enemy after losing to?
What did this man attack after losing to the enemy?
Who should Jerry visit Catherine when hearing from?
Who should Jerry visit when hearing from Catherine?
Who did Jerry meet the people when hearing about?
Who did Jerry meet when hearing about the people?
Who should this boy defeat Peter when hitting?
Who should this boy defeat when hitting Peter?
Who should Michael help Tony when designing the car for?
Who should Michael help when designing the car for Tony?
What did Michael win the prize after fighting for?
What did Michael win after fighting for the prize?
What did that wife perform the music without enjoying?
What did that wife perform without enjoying the music?
Who did Jason invite the committee after talking to?
Who did Jason invite after talking to the committee?
Who should that president attack Maria before selling the book to?
Who should that president attack before selling the book to Maria?
What did that president build the model before selling?
What did that president build before selling the model?
Who should Mike trust Ted while carrying the picture of?
Who should Mike trust while carrying the picture of Ted?
What did Mike save the energy bar while carrying?
What did Mike save while carrying the energy bar?
Who should Tom follow Walter before supporting?
Who should Tom follow before supporting Walter?
What did Tom sell the car before fixing?
What did Tom sell before fixing the car?
Who should the doctor beat Henry when believing in?
Who should the doctor beat when believing in Henry?
Who did the doctor trust the assistant when believing?
Who did the doctor trust when believing the assistant?
Who should Mike help Victor without taking care of?
Who should Mike help without taking care of Victor?
What did Mike end the class without taking?
What did Mike end without taking the class?
Who should Jonathan kill Henry before saving?
Who should Jonathan kill before saving Henry?
What did Jonathan love the song before playing?
What did Jonathan love before playing the song?
Who should the boy join Walter while hitting?
Who should the boy join while hitting Walter?
Who did the boy help the team while leaving?
Who did the boy help while leaving the team?
Who should that boy support Tom when hitting?
Who should that boy support when hitting Tom?
Who should this president trust Ruth without catching up with?
Who should this president trust without catching up with Ruth?
What did this president share the information with him without hearing?
What did this president share with him without hearing the information?
Who should Adam love Jane without reaching out to?
Who should Adam love without reaching out to Jane?
What did Adam close the door without reaching for?
What did Adam close without reaching for the door?
Who should Tom tell the story to Anthony after following?
Who should Tom tell the story to after following Anthony?
Who should Catherine find Pierre when performing with?
Who should Catherine find when performing with Pierre?
What did Catherine buy the house when performing at?
What did Catherine buy when performing at the house?
Who should Walter tell the story to Martin while reaching for?
Who should Walter tell the story to while reaching for Martin?
Who did Walter protect the people while reaching for?
Who did Walter protect while reaching for the people?
Who should the father see Ted without telling the story to?
Who should the father see without telling the story to Ted?
Who should the daughter invite Scott while attacking?
Who should the daughter invite while attacking Scott?
What did the daughter talk about the game while attending?
What did the daughter talk about while attending the game?
Who should this president hit Walter while asking about?
Who should this president hit while asking about Walter?
What did this president feed the birds while keeping?
What did this president feed while keeping the birds?
Who should Roger lead Walter before protecting?
Who should Roger lead before protecting Walter?
What did Roger prove the theory before proposing?
What did Roger prove before proposing the theory?
What did that prince tell him the news before sharing?
What did that prince tell him before sharing the news?
Who should Bobby save Kelly before meeting?
Who should Bobby save before meeting Kelly?
What did Bobby teach the language after learning?
What did Bobby teach after learning the language?
Who should Jason find Roger while reading about?
Who should Jason find while reading about Roger?
Who did Jason carry the child while reading the book for?
Who did Jason carry while reading the book for the child?
Who should the player watch Ted after winning against?
Who should the player watch after winning against Ted?
What did the player watch the game after winning?
What did the player watch after winning the game?
Who should Bobby meet Scott after reporting to?
Who should Bobby meet after reporting to Scott?
Who should Peter trust Anthony when keeping a secret from?
Who should Peter trust when keeping a secret from Anthony?
What did Peter find the book while reading?
What did Peter find while reading the book?
What did Charles design the model while building?
What did Charles design while building the model?
Who should Matt call Fred while living with?
Who should Matt call while living with Fred?
Who should this lady invite Bobby when visiting?
Who should this lady invite when visiting Bobby?
Who did this lady see the doctor when talking to?
Who did this lady see when talking to the doctor?
Who should Mary call Elizabeth while losing?
Who should Mary call while losing to Elizabeth?
Who should this player marry Jane when saving?
Who should this player marry after saving Jane?
Who should Anthony trust Mary while hearing from?
Who should Anthony trust while hearing from Mary?
Who should this doctor marry Jane after talking with?
Who should this doctor marry after talking with Jane?
What did this doctor try the method after sharing?
What did this doctor try after sharing the method?
Who should Patrick support Mike without buying from?
Who should Patrick support without buying from Mike?
What did Patrick lose the game after buying?
What did Patrick lose after buying the game?
Who should Michael ask Patrick while studying with?
Who should Michael ask while studying with Patrick?
Who should that daughter defeat Charles while playing with?
Who should that daughter defeat while playing with Charles?
Who should this mother meet Andy without telling the story to?
Who should this mother meet without telling the story to Andy?
Who should Mike support Pierre while taking care of?
Who should Mike support while taking care of Pierre?
Who did Mike feed the children while taking care of?
Who did Mike feed while taking care of the children?
Who should Helen serve Tom after joining?
Who should Helen serve after joining Tom?
Who should Charles save Alice when playing with?
Who should Charles save while playing with Alice?
Who did Charles call the man when playing with?
Who did Charles call while playing with the man?
What did Richard explain the method without thinking about?
What did Richard explain without thinking about the method?
Who should Jason love Victoria before writing to?
Who should Jason love before writing to Victoria?
What did Jason catch the fish before finding?
What did Jason catch before finding the fish?
What did Henry learn the language when teaching?
What did Henry learn while teaching the language?
Who should Tony trust Patrick after eating with?
Who should Tony trust after eating with Patrick?
What did Tony read the book after writing?
What did Tony read after writing the book?
Who should Jonathan invite Elizabeth after learning from?
Who should Jonathan invite after learning from Elizabeth?
What did this mother give the speech to her without recording?
What did this mother give to her without recording the speech?
What did the player find the road without repairing?
What did the player find without repairing the road?
Who should the wife believe Elizabeth when driving with?
Who should the wife believe when driving with Elizabeth?
Who should Bobby understand Brian while protecting?
Who should Bobby understand while protecting Brian?
Who did Bobby see the person while shopping with?
Who did Bobby see while shopping with the person?
Who should Mike save Henry when losing to?
Who should Mike save when losing to Henry?
What did Mike make the law when changing?
What did Mike make when changing the law?
Who should Peter beat Anthony when caring for?
Who should Peter beat when caring for Anthony?
Who should Maria marry Victoria while living with?
Who should Maria marry while living with Victoria?
Who should Matt believe Tony after losing to?
Who should Matt believe after losing to Tony?
Who did Matt help his friend before losing?
Who did Matt help before losing his friend?
Who should Helen trust Ted while talking to?
Who should Helen trust while talking to Ted?
Who should Catherine join Anna after helping?
Who should Catherine join after helping Anna?
What did Catherine read the news after hearing?
What did Catherine read after hearing the news?
Who should the prince meet Peter while putting up with?
Who should the prince meet while putting up with Peter?
Who should Bobby believe Michael before helping?
Who should Bobby believe before helping Michael?
What did Bobby perform the music before playing?
What did Bobby perform before playing the music?
Who should Kelly beat Catherine after seeing?
Who should Kelly beat after seeing Catherine?
What did Kelly share the information with you after hearing?
What did Kelly share with you after hearing the information?
Who should Peter trust Tony after painting with?
Who should Peter trust after painting with Tony?
What did Peter eat the food before cooking?
What did Peter eat before cooking the food?
Who did Tom love Ann before meeting?
Who did Tom love before meeting Ann?
What did Tom produce the film before bringing out?
What did Tom produce before bringing out the film?
Who should Roger ask Helen before writing to?
Who should Roger ask before writing to Helen?
What did Roger understand the story before writing?
What did Roger understand before writing the story?
Who should the boy understand Walter without hitting?
Who should the boy understand without hitting Walter?
What did the boy teach the language without learning?
What did the boy teach without learning the language?
Who should the professor defeat Jerry after hitting?
Who should the professor defeat after hitting Jerry?
Who should Maria believe Helen when learning with?
Who should Maria believe when learning with Helen?
What did Maria see the doctor while learning about?
What did Maria see while learning about the doctor?
Who should this princess save Pierre when joining?
Who should this princess save when joining Pierre?
What did this princess serve the community when joining?
What did this princess serve while joining the community?
Who should Jonathan save Mike while finishing the project with?
Who should Jonathan save while finishing the project with Mike?
What did Victoria write the story while creating?
What did Victoria write while creating the story?
Who should this princess join Elizabeth while writing to?
Who should this princess join while writing to Elizabeth?
Who should Carl help Ann while explaining the problem to?
Who should Carl help while explaining the problem to Ann?
Who did Carl talk with the team while explaining the problem to?
Who did Carl talk with while explaining the problem to the team?
Who should this man challenge Martin after making friends with?
Who should this man challenge after making friends with Martin?
What did this man drive the car after making repairs to?
What did this man drive after making repairs to the car?
Who should Mary trust Elizabeth when supporting?
Who should Mary trust when supporting Elizabeth?
Who did Mary help the friend when supporting?
Who did Mary help while supporting the friend?
Who should Roger invite Bill when meeting with?
Who should Roger invite when meeting with Bill?
Who should Jonathan support Martin after reporting to?
Who should Jonathan support after reporting to Martin?
What did Jonathan discuss the change after reporting?
What did Jonathan discuss after reporting the change?
Who should this president find Tony while writing to?
Who should this president find while writing to Tony?
What did this president deliver the letter after writing?
What did this president deliver after writing the letter?
Who should Jerry teach Victor while designing for?
Who should Jerry teach while designing for Victor?
Who should Victoria visit Jerry without enjoying time with?
Who should Victoria visit without enjoying time with Jerry?
What did Victoria find the book before enjoying?
What did Victoria find before enjoying the book?
Who should Kelly marry Richard while applying for a position with?
Who should Kelly marry while applying for a position with Richard?
Who did Ann meet Martin before serving with?
Who did Ann meet before serving with Martin?
Who should Brian meet Bill before running again with?
Who should Brian meet before running again with Bill?
What did Brian reach the agreement before signing?
What did Brian reach before signing the agreement?
Who should Mike find Pierre while telling a story to?
Who should Mike find while telling a story to Pierre?
Who should Carl help Michael before throwing a party for?
Who should Carl help before throwing a party for Michael?
Who should that man train Roger while watching the match with?
Who should that man train while watching the match with Roger?
Who should Peter invite Maria after organizing an event for?
Who should Peter invite after organizing an event for Maria?
What did Peter hold the meeting after planning?
What did Peter hold after planning the meeting?
Who should that man believe Ann while enjoying a movie with?
Who should that man believe while enjoying a movie with Ann?
What did Carl find Sarah before giving a speech to?
What did Carl find before giving a speech to Sarah?
What did Carl attack the city before leaving?
What did Carl attack before leaving the city?
Who should this wife ask Ted while making food for?
Who should this wife ask while making food for Ted?
Who should Brian visit Michael before meeting?
Who should Brian visit before meeting Michael?
Who should the doctor invite Ann while making a plan with?
Who should the doctor invite while making a plan with Ann?
Who should Tom call Matt when keeping in touch with?
Who should Tom call when keeping in touch with Matt?
Who should Victoria follow Sarah after arresting?
Who should Victoria follow after arresting Sarah?
Who should Jason see Ann when inviting over?
Who should Jason see when inviting Ann over?
What did this lady paint the wall while checking?
What did this lady paint while checking the wall?
What did Peter join the party without hearing about?
What did Peter join without hearing about the party?
Who should Alice call Anna before calling?
Who should Alice call before calling Anna?
Who should this king understand Tony while reaching out to?
Who should this king understand while reaching out to Tony?
Who should the president ask Henry after cutting ties with?
Who should the president ask after cutting ties with Henry?
Who should that man save Richard after eating with?
Who should that man save after eating with Richard?
Who should that doctor lead Anna without meeting?
Who should that doctor lead after meeting Anna?
What did Tony understand the idea after learning?
What did Tony understand after learning the idea?
Who should Michael join Carl without telling?
Who should Michael join without telling Carl?
What did Michael attack the city before controlling?
What did Michael attack before controlling the city?
What did that brother report the news after hearing?
What did that brother report after hearing the news?
Who should Ruth defeat Jerry before fighting with?
Who should Ruth defeat before fighting with Jerry?
Who should that prince teach Helen after learning something from?
Who should that prince teach after learning something from Helen?
Who should Adam ask Carl before helping?
Who should Adam ask before helping Carl?
What did Adam follow the plan before helping with?
What did Adam follow before helping with the plan?
Who should Catherine save Jane without marrying?
Who should Catherine save without marrying Jane?
Who should Louis care for Ted after raising?
Who should Louis care for after raising Ted?
Who did Louis lead the team after building?
Who did Louis lead after building the team?
Who should that boy beat Tony after throwing the ball to?
Who should that boy beat after throwing the ball to Tony?
What did that boy play with the ball after throwing?
What did that boy play with after throwing the ball?
What did Richard fix the problem after creating?
What did Richard fix after creating the problem?
What did Walter make money without using?
What did Walter make without using money?
Who should Peter ask Carl without telling the story to?
Who should Peter ask without telling the story to Carl?
What did Peter follow the rule without breaking?
What did Peter follow without breaking the rule?
Who should the lady believe Victoria after meeting with?
Who should the lady believe after meeting with Victoria?
What did the lady follow the road after walking along?
What did the lady follow after walking along the road?
Who should that brother tell Mary the fact without lying to?
Who should that brother tell the fact without lying to Mary?
What did that brother build the bridge before repairing?
What did that brother build before repairing the bridge?
Who should Fred meet Victor without talking to?
Who should Fred meet without talking to Victor?
What did Fred make the film without enjoying?
What did Fred make without enjoying the film?
Who should Walter defeat Mary before loving?
Who should Walter defeat before loving Mary?
What did Walter prove the theory while believing?
What did Walter prove while believing the theory?
Who should Tom hit Victoria while protecting?
Who should Tom hit while protecting Victoria?
What did Tom throw the stone after keeping?
What did Tom throw after keeping the stone?
Who should the doctor believe Fred before living with?
Who should the doctor believe before living with Fred?
What did the doctor share the record before publishing?
What did the doctor share before publishing the record?
Who should this lady understand Elizabeth while painting with?
Who should this lady understand while painting with Elizabeth?
What did this lady feed the birds while painting?
What did this lady feed while painting the birds?
What did this princess start the project before selling?
What did this princess start before selling the project?
Who should Ted talk to Bill without informing?
Who should Ted talk to without informing Bill?
What did Ted face the risk without informing him?
What did Ted face without informing him the risk?
Who should Jonathan support Ann before meeting with?
Who should Jonathan support before meeting with Ann?
Who should Michael help Roger while reading with?
Who should Michael help while reading with Roger?
Who should Joe trust Ann while performing with?
Who should Joe trust while performing with Ann?
Who did Joe choose the team while performing for?
Who did Joe choose while performing for the team?
Who should that king trust Martin while reaching out to?
Who should that king trust while reaching out to Martin?
What did Ann watch the film after discussing?
What did Ann watch after discussing the film?
Who should Ruth support Fred before holding a meeting with?
Who should Ruth support before holding a meeting with Fred?
Who should the king call Jonathan while finding an answer with?
Who should the king call while finding an answer with Jonathan?
Who should Mary tell Charles after sending a message to?
Who should Mary tell after sending a message to Charles?
Who did Mary meet Jerry after sending a letter to?
Who did Mary meet after sending a letter to Jerry?
Who should Ann meet Matt without reporting to?
Who should Ann meet without reporting to Matt?
Who should Jerry beat Mike without losing to?
Who should Jerry beat without losing to Mike?
Who should Jerry visit Victor when supporting?
Who should Jerry visit when supporting Victor?
Who should Roger follow David while playing with?
Who should Roger follow while playing with David?
Who should Jane call Pierre after making plans with?
Who should Jane call after making plans with Pierre?
Who should Maria join Andy when fighting with?
Who should Maria join when fighting with Andy?
Who did Maria invite the guest after planning the event with?
Who did Maria invite after planning the event with the guest?
Who should Andy support Carl before carrying out the plan with?
Who should Andy support before carrying out the plan with Carl?
Who should the wife teach Carl when informing about something?
Who should the wife teach when informing Carl about something?
Who should this wife hit Maria before meeting with?
Who should this wife hit before meeting with Maria?
Who should Ted meet Anna before holding a meeting with?
Who should Ted meet before holding a meeting with Anna?
What did Ted watch the video before holding a meeting about?
What did Ted watch before holding a meeting about the video?
Who should this king defeat Charles without sending help to?
Who should this king defeat without sending help to Charles?
What did this king talk about the question without sending an answer to?
What did this king talk about without sending an answer to the question?
Who should Victoria teach Ruth after fighting with?
Who should Victoria teach after fighting with Ruth?
What did Victoria stop the program after running?
What did Victoria stop after running the program?
Who should Jerry marry Anna after living with?
Who should Jerry marry after living with Anna?
Who did Jerry tell the people the truth while living with?
Who did Jerry tell the truth while living with the people?
Who should Fred follow Jane before joining a group with?
Who should Fred follow before joining a group with Jane?
Who should Bobby call Henry without fixing the problem with?
Who should Bobby call without fixing the problem with Henry?
Who should Fred lead Patrick when writing a report with?
Who should Fred lead when writing a report with Patrick?
What did Fred read the book when writing?
What did Fred read when writing the book?
Who should Ted meet Tom after moving to a new office with?
Who should Ted meet after moving to a new office with Tom?
Who did Ted call the friend after moving to a new place with?
Who did Ted call after moving to a new place with the friend?
What did Victor face the problem before handling?
What did Victor face before handling the problem?
Who should Tom join Michael while eating with?
Who should Tom join while eating with Michael?
What did Joe make the plan without telling?
What did Joe make without telling the plan?
What did Elizabeth prove the theory before finding evidence for?
What did Elizabeth prove before finding evidence for the theory?
Who should Jason understand Pierre while stopping to talk with?
Who should Jason understand while stopping to talk with Pierre?
Who should Kelly call Bobby after talking with?
Who should Kelly call after talking with Bobby?
Who should this professor call Maria when seeing?
Who should this professor call when seeing Maria?
Who should Helen believe Roger while calling?
Who should Helen believe while calling Roger?
Who should the brother support Peter without creating problems for?
Who should the brother support without creating problems for Peter?
What did the brother hit the ball before throwing?
What did the brother hit before throwing the ball?
Who should this father invite Victor after telling a story to?
Who should this father invite after telling a story to Victor?
What did Anthony open the door before leaving?
What did Anthony open before leaving the door?
Who did Bill love Catherine while throwing a party for?
Who did Bill love while throwing a party for Catherine?
What did Brian see the people without sharing information with?
What did Brian see without sharing information with the people?
Who should Anna invite Alice after finishing a project with?
Who should Anna invite after finishing a project with Alice?
What did Anna write the article after reading?
What did Anna write after reading the article?
Who should Tom talk to Alice before marrying?
Who should Tom talk to before marrying Alice?
Who should Henry lead Bobby before catching a train with?
Who should Henry lead before catching a train with Bobby?
Who should Jane ask John when putting together a plan with?
Who should Jane ask when putting together a plan with John?
What did Jane love the song when putting on?
What did Jane love when putting on the song?
Who should Walter support Jonathan when driving with?
Who should Walter support when driving with Jonathan?
Who should Anna join Ann after reading a book with?
Who should Anna join after reading a book with Ann?
What did this girl choose the song before performing?
What did this girl choose before performing the song?
Who should this mother visit Anthony without telling the story to?
Who should this mother visit without telling the story to Anthony?
What did this mother hit the cup without breaking?
What did this mother hit without breaking the cup?
Who should this woman trust Matt without reaching out to?
Who should this woman trust without reaching out to Matt?
Who should Matt believe Jason while managing a project with?
Who should Matt believe while managing a project with Jason?
Who should Ann meet Jason while having trouble with?
Who should Ann meet while having trouble with Jason?
Who should Bobby ask Anthony while keeping a secret from?
Who should Bobby ask while keeping a secret from Anthony?
Who should that princess support Brian after managing a team with?
Who should that princess support after managing a team with Brian?
Who should Joe train Elizabeth without inviting to the meeting?
Who should Joe train without inviting Elizabeth to the meeting?
What did Joe design the program without testing?
What did Joe design without testing the program?
What did Kelly report the news after finding?
What did Kelly report after finding the news?
Who should Matt join Roger without reaching an agreement with?
Who should Matt join without reaching an agreement with Roger?
Who should Anna tell Elizabeth while serving food to?
Who should Anna tell while serving food to Elizabeth?
Who should this woman understand Jerry after telling the truth to?
Who should this woman understand after telling the truth to Jerry?
Who should Scott support Maria without losing contact with?
Who should Scott support without losing contact with Maria?
Who should Bill train Ruth without studying together with?
Who should Bill train without studying together with Ruth?
What did the doctor fix the problem when learning about?
What did the doctor fix when learning about the problem?
Who should this doctor call Joe without sending a message to?
Who should this doctor call without sending a message to Joe?
What did this doctor believe the story without confirming?
What did this doctor believe without confirming the story?
Who should Matt love Louis before understanding?
Who should Matt love before understanding Louis?
What did Matt study the theory before understanding?
What did Matt study before understanding the theory?
Who should Patrick hit Elizabeth before proving a point to?
Who should Patrick hit before proving a point to Elizabeth?
What did Patrick hold the position before proving his ability for?
What did Patrick hold before proving his ability for the position?
What did Fred produce the music after enjoying?
What did Fred produce after enjoying the music?
Who should Bill hit Ruth after asking about?
Who should Bill hit after asking about Ruth?
What did Bill design the program without asking about?
What did Bill design without asking about the program?
Who should Mike teach Anthony after taking a class with?
Who should Mike teach after taking a class with Anthony?
Who did Alice meet Matt before building a project with?
Who did Alice meet before building a project with Matt?
What did Ted believe the news after hearing?
What did Ted believe after hearing the news?
Who should Ruth follow Richard after taking direction from?
Who should Ruth follow after taking direction from Richard?
Who should Martin follow Fred after describing a plan to?
Who should Martin follow after describing a plan to Fred?
Who should Bill trust Ted after believing the story from?
Who should Bill trust after believing the story from Ted?
Who should Joe invite Walter while keeping in touch with?
Who should Joe invite while keeping in touch with Walter?
Who should Scott ask Martin when learning from?
Who should Scott ask when learning from Martin?
What did Anthony believe the story when bringing up?
What did Anthony believe when bringing up the story?
What did Ann hear the news when finding out?
What did Ann hear when finding out the news?
What did Jerry eat the food before buying again?
What did Jerry eat before buying the food again?
Who should Catherine train Andy while leading a project with?
Who should Catherine train while leading a project with Andy?
What did Anthony paint the wall without throwing color on?
What did Anthony paint without throwing color on the wall?
Who did this wife invite the committee while sharing plans with?
Who did this wife invite while sharing plans with the committee?
What did Carl drive the car before sitting in?
What did Carl drive before sitting in the car?
Who should that professor join Ruth without carrying out research with?
Who should that professor join without carrying out research with Ruth?
Who should Tony visit Fred while giving support to?
Who should Tony visit while giving support to Fred?
Who should Richard tell the news to Walter when making a plan with?
Who should Richard tell the news to when making a plan with Walter?
What did Victor carry the birds after buying?
What did Victor carry after buying the birds?
Who should Martin defeat Jerry before inviting to party with?
Who should Martin defeat before inviting to party with Jerry?
What did Roger write the book without attacking a subject about?
What did Roger write without attacking a subject about the book?
What did Patrick send the letter without making a copy of?
What did Patrick send without making a copy of the letter?
What did Michael find the animals when feeding?
What did Michael find when feeding the animals?
What did this doctor enjoy the game without playing?
What did this doctor enjoy without playing the game?
What did Roger produce the goods before carrying to market?
What did Roger produce before carrying the goods to market?
Who should the princess see Roger after writing to?
Who should the princess see after writing to Roger?
What did Sarah try the method before asking about?
What did Sarah try before asking about the method?
What did Anna buy the car after designing the model of?
What did Anna buy after designing the model of the car?
What did Richard eat the food before helping to cook?
What did Richard eat before helping to cook the food?
Who should the man lead Anna before marrying?
Who should the man lead before marrying Anna?
Who should Fred see Ann after enjoying music with?
Who should Fred see after enjoying music with Ann?
What would Henry see the paper when cutting?
What would Henry see when cutting the paper?
Who should the player teach Ruth when starting a class with?
Who should the player teach when starting a class with Ruth?
Who should Anthony believe Michael without losing faith in?
Who should Anthony believe without losing faith in Michael?
Who should Catherine like Sarah while telling a story to?
Who should Catherine like while telling a story to Sarah?
Who should Tony visit Ann without calling ahead?
Who should Tony visit without calling Ann ahead?
Who did Richard support the team when joining?
Who did Richard support when joining the team?
What did that king talk about the family while losing?
What did that king talk about while losing the family?
Who should that player trust Victor while helping?
Who should that player trust while helping Victor?
Who should Bobby call Roger while writing to?
Who should Bobby call while writing to Roger?
Who should that princess help Brian after trusting?
Who should that princess help after trusting Brian?
Who should Kelly support Jerry while managing a team with?
Who should Kelly support while managing a team with Jerry?
Who did that girl help the team before throwing a party for?
Who did that girl help before throwing a party for the team?
What did Catherine use the system before performing a test on?
What did Catherine use before performing a test on the system?
Who should Mike invite Ted when playing with?
Who should Mike invite when playing with Ted?
What did Mike choose the team when working for?
What did Mike choose when working for the team?
What did Maria finish the meeting after calling?
What did Maria finish after calling the meeting?
Who should Kelly teach Mary before supporting?
Who should Kelly teach before supporting Mary?
What did Kelly review the report before writing?
What did Kelly review before writing the report?
What did the man join the project before leading?
What did the man join before leading the project?
Who should Martin help Sarah after finishing a report with?
Who should Martin help after finishing a report with Sarah?
What did Olivia fix the system after breaking?
What did Olivia fix after breaking the system?
What did Emily check the report after talking about?
What did Emily check after talking about the report?
Who should Jason join Brian before following?
Who should Jason join before following Brian?