Catherine sees herself joined this committee.
Catherine sees herself joining this committee.
Gary sees himself joined this committee.
Gary sees himself joining this committee.
The girl explains that the man believes in herself.
The girl explains that the man believes in himself.
Jerry explains that the female player believes in himself.
Jerry explains that the female player believes in herself.
Kelly knows that the king enjoys herself.
Kelly knows that the king enjoys himself.
Anthony knows that the female president enjoys himself.
Anthony knows that the female president enjoys herself.
Kelly imagines herself enjoyed that music.
Kelly imagines herself enjoying that music.
Anthony caught himself enjoyed that music.
Anthony caught himself enjoying that music.
Alice knows that the man introduces herself to others.
Alice knows that the man introduces himself to others.
William knows that the woman introduces himself to others.
William knows that the woman introduces herself to others.
Alice pictures herself described the process.
Alice pictures herself describing the process.
William pictures himself described the process.
William pictures himself describing the process.
Victoria explains that the father hides herself.
Victoria explains that the father hides himself.
Jack explains that his mother hides himself.
Jack explains that his mother hides herself.
Sarah shows that her brother enjoys herself.
Sarah shows that her brother enjoys himself.
Robert shows that the female president enjoys himself.
Robert shows that the female president enjoys herself.
Sarah caught herself enjoyed the film.
Sarah caught herself enjoying the film.
Robert caught himself enjoyed the film.
Robert caught himself enjoying the film.
The daughter imagines herself opened this door.
The daughter imagines herself opening this door.
Dan imagines himself opened this door.
Dan imagines himself opening this door.
Jane feels that the prince teaches herself French.
Jane feels that the prince teaches himself French.
The king feels that the wife teaches himself French.
The king feels that the wife teaches herself French.
Jane imagines herself taught the course.
Jane imagines herself teaching the course.
The king saw himself taught the course.
The king saw himself teaching the course.
Anna feels that the father depends on herself.
Anna feels that the father depends on himself.
The male player feels that the wife depends on himself.
The male player feels that the wife depends on herself.
Anna imagines herself lived with her parents.
Anna imagines herself living with her parents.
The male player sees himself lived with his parents.
The male player sees himself living with his parents.
Maria imagines herself finished a project.
Maria imagines herself finishing a project.
Oliver imagines himself finished a project.
Oliver imagines himself finishing a project.
The wife hears that the male player sees herself appear on television.
The wife hears that the male player sees himself appear on television.
The father hears that the female president sees himself appear on television.
The father hears that the female president sees herself appear on television.
The wife sees herself joined the party.
The wife sees herself joining the party.
The father sees himself joined the party.
The father sees himself joining the party.
The lady heard that the brother introduced herself to others.
The lady heard that the brother introduced himself to others.
Adam heard that the female president introduced himself to others.
Adam heard that the female president introduced herself to others.
The lady imagines herself started this project.
The lady imagines herself starting this project.
Adam sees himself started this project.
Adam sees himself starting this project.
The boy wrote that the lady protected himself.
The boy wrote that the lady protected herself.
The boy pictures himself opened the museum.
The boy pictures himself opening the museum.
Ann means that the father improves herself.
Ann means that the father improves himself.
The male president means that the lady improves himself.
The male president means that the lady improves herself.
The female doctor sees herself threw this ball.
The female doctor sees herself throwing this ball.
John sees himself threw this ball.
John sees himself throwing this ball.
The female president explains that the prince saves herself.
The female president explains that the prince saves himself.
The prince explains that the girl saves himself.
The prince explains that the girl saves herself.
The girl hears that the male player supports herself.
The girl hears that the male player supports himself.
Stephen hears that the female doctor supports himself.
Stephen hears that the female doctor supports herself.
Alice sees that the father supports herself.
Alice sees that the father supports himself.
Adam sees that the daughter supports himself.
Adam sees that the daughter supports herself.
Alice sees herself raised some children.
Alice sees herself raising some children.
Adam sees himself raised some children.
Adam sees himself raising some children.
The woman means to say that the brother protected herself.
The woman means to say that the brother protected himself.
Paul means to say that the girl protected himself.
Paul means to say that the girl protected herself.
The woman imagines herself designed that program.
The woman imagines herself designing that program.
Paul imagines himself designed that program.
Paul imagines himself designing that program.
The female professor learns that the male professor sees herself appear on television.
The female professor learns that the male professor sees himself appear on television.
The man learns that the girl sees himself appear on television.
The man learns that the girl sees herself appear on television.
The female professor imagines herself joined this team.
The female professor imagines herself joining this team.
The man imagines himself joined this team.
The man imagines himself joining this team.
Mary understands that the male doctor saved herself.
Mary understands that the male doctor saved himself.
Matt understands that the girl saved himself.
Matt understands that the girl saved herself.
Mary knows that the male professor introduced herself to others.
Mary knows that the male professor introduced himself to others.
Carl knows that the wife introduced himself to others.
Carl knows that the wife introduced herself to others.
Ruth imagines herself won this game.
Ruth imagines herself winning this game.
Stephen imagines himself won this game.
Stephen imagines himself winning this game.
The girl sees that the male player changed herself.
The girl sees that the male player changed himself.
Dennis sees that the mother changed himself.
Dennis sees that the mother changed herself.
The girl sees herself closed her eyes.
The girl sees herself closing her eyes.
Dennis sees himself closed his eyes.
Dennis sees himself closing his eyes.
Victoria knows that the prince helps herself to food.
Victoria knows that the prince helps himself to food.
The male president knows that the mother helps himself to food.
The male president knows that the mother helps herself to food.
Victoria finds herself called that meeting.
Victoria finds herself calling that meeting.
The male president finds himself called that meeting.
The male president finds himself calling that meeting.
Carl imagines himself sold that house.
Carl imagines himself selling that house.
The female player means to say that the male president hit herself.
The female player means to say that the male president hit himself.
Oliver means to say that the lady hit himself.
Oliver means to say that the lady hit herself.
The female player imagines herself hit the target.
The female player imagines herself hitting the target.
Oliver imagines himself hit the target.
Oliver imagines himself hitting the target.
The mother learns that the king supports herself.
The mother learns that the king supports himself.
Anthony learns that the female player supports himself.
Anthony learns that the female player supports herself.
The mother imagines herself supported that family.
The mother imagines herself supporting that family.
Anthony imagines himself supported that family.
Anthony imagines himself supporting that family.
Victoria learns that the man prepares herself for the job.
Victoria learns that the man prepares himself for the job.
The male player learns that the wife prepares himself for the job.
The male player learns that the wife prepares herself for the job.
Victoria imagines herself finished this season.
Victoria imagines herself finishing this season.
The male player imagines himself finished this season.
The male player imagines himself finishing this season.
The female professor imagines herself drove a bus.
The female professor imagines herself driving a bus.
Jason imagines himself drove a bus.
Jason imagines himself driving a bus.
The woman finds herself painted a wall.
The woman finds herself painting a wall.
Charles finds himself painted some wall.
Charles finds himself painting some wall.
The female president hears that the prince trusts herself.
The female president hears that the prince trusts himself.
The father hears that the female president trusts himself.
The father hears that the female president trusts herself.
The female president sees herself trusted this friend.
The female president sees herself trusting this friend.
The father sees himself trusted this friend.
The father sees himself trusting this friend.
Alice sees herself added a record to the system.
Alice sees herself adding a record to the system.
Alexander sees himself added a record to the system.
Alexander sees himself adding a record to the system.
The woman says that the king understands herself.
The woman says that the king understands himself.
Ben says that the woman understands himself.
Ben says that the woman understands herself.
Victoria imagines herself threw the ball.
Victoria imagines herself throwing the ball.
Adam pictures himself threw the ball.
Adam pictures himself throwing the ball.
Maria pictures herself sold a car.
Maria pictures herself selling a car.
The boy pictures himself sold a car.
The boy pictures himself selling a car.
The female president feels that the boy loses herself in the game.
The female president feels that the boy loses himself in the game.
Ben feels that the female player loses himself in the game.
Ben feels that the female player loses herself in the game.
The female president imagines herself lost that game.
The female president imagines herself losing that game.
Ben pictures himself lost that game.
Ben pictures himself losing that game.
The princess pictures herself moved to this house.
The princess pictures herself moving to this house.
Paul pictures himself moved to that house.
Paul pictures himself moving to that house.
The girl shows that the male doctor understands herself.
The girl shows that the male doctor understands himself.
Sam shows that the daughter understands himself.
Sam shows that the daughter understands herself.
The girl pictures herself understood that story.
The girl pictures herself understanding that story.
Sam pictures himself understood that story.
Sam pictures himself understanding that story.
The female professor reports that the man believes in herself.
The female professor reports that the man believes in himself.
Jerry reports that the female player believes in himself.
Jerry reports that the female player believes in herself.
The female professor imagined herself believed this news.
The female professor imagined herself believing this news.
Jerry finds himself believed this news.
Jerry finds himself believing this news.
Maria shows that the boy supports herself.
Maria shows that the boy supports himself.
The brother shows that the mother supports himself.
The brother shows that the mother supports herself.
Maria pictures herself raised the money for children.
Maria pictures herself raising the money for children.
The brother pictures himself raised the money for children.
The brother pictures himself raising the money for children.
The female professor feels that the male president loves herself.
The female professor feels that the male president loves himself.
Matt feels that the mother loves himself.
Matt feels that the mother loves herself.
The female professor imagines herself enjoyed some music.
The female professor imagines herself enjoying some music.
Matt pictures himself loved some music.
Matt pictures himself loving some music.
Ruth understands that the male professor is defending herself.
Ruth understands that the male professor is defending himself.
The male doctor understands that the female doctor is defending himself.
The male doctor understands that the female doctor is defending herself.
Elizabeth says that the prince saved herself.
Elizabeth says that the prince saved himself.
Robert says that the wife saved himself.
Robert says that the wife saved herself.
Elizabeth sees herself saved some time.
Elizabeth sees herself saving some time.
Robert sees himself saved some time.
Robert sees himself saving some time.
Jane pictures herself added this number to the list.
Jane pictures herself adding this number to the list.
The male doctor pictures himself added this number to the list.
The male doctor pictures himself adding this number to the list.
Elizabeth explains that the king saves herself.
Elizabeth explains that the king saves himself.
Lawrence explains that the daughter saves himself.
Lawrence explains that the daughter saves herself.
The wife imagines herself tried this method.
The wife imagines herself trying this method.
Ryan imagines himself tried this method.
Ryan imagines himself trying this method.
The female player sees herself tried that method.
The female player sees herself trying that method.
Jerry sees himself tried that method.
Jerry sees himself trying that method.
Ruth writes that the boy changed herself.
Ruth writes that the boy changed himself.
The male doctor writes that the female president changed himself.
The male doctor writes that the female president changed herself.
Ruth pictures herself closed the door.
Ruth pictures herself closing the door.
The male doctor pictures himself closed the door.
The male doctor pictures himself closing the door.
The woman shows that the father studies herself in the picture.
The woman shows that the father studies himself in the picture.
Matt shows that the woman studies himself in the picture.
Matt shows that the woman studies herself in the picture.
The woman pictures herself studied history.
The woman pictures herself studying history.
Matt pictures himself studied the history.
Matt pictures himself studying the history.
Ann imagines herself married a woman.
Ann imagines herself marrying a woman.
The man pictures himself married a woman.
The man pictures himself marrying a woman.
Catherine understands that the male professor hid herself.
Catherine understands that the male professor hid himself.
The male doctor understands that the lady hid himself.
The male doctor understands that the lady hid herself.
Helen sees herself explained the reason.
Helen sees herself explaining the reason.
Dan sees himself explained the reason.
Dan sees himself explaining the reason.
The woman finds herself carried the water.
The woman finds herself carrying the water.
Paul finds himself carried the water.
Paul finds himself carrying the water.
Jane thinks that the brother introduced herself to others.
Jane thinks that the brother introduced himself to others.
Adam thinks that the female doctor introduced himself to others.
Adam thinks that the female doctor introduced herself to others.
Jane finds herself took the picture.
Jane finds herself taking the picture.
Adam finds himself took the picture.
Adam finds himself taking the picture.
Jane writes that the prince found herself in a picture.
Jane writes that the prince found himself in a picture.
Jason writes that the girl found himself in a picture.
Jason writes that the girl found herself in a picture.
Jane pictures herself found the job.
Jane pictures herself finding the job.
Jason pictures himself found the job.
Jason pictures himself finding the job.
The female president reports that the prince saved herself.
The female president reports that the prince saved himself.
Sam reports that the female player saved himself.
Sam reports that the female player saved herself.
The woman thinks that the male player helps herself to food.
The woman thinks that the male player helps himself to food.
Jason thinks that the wife helps himself to food.
Jason thinks that the wife helps herself to food.
The woman finds herself helped this child.
The woman finds herself helping this child.
Jason finds himself helped this child.
Jason finds himself helping this child.
The princess understands that the prince believes in herself.
The princess understands that the prince believes in himself.
Victor understands that the female player believes in himself.
Victor understands that the female player believes in herself.
The female president finds herself shared the information.
The female president finds herself sharing the information.
Roger finds himself shared the information.
Roger finds himself sharing the information.
Ann hears that the father cares for herself.
Ann hears that the father cares for himself.
Gary hears that the girl cares for himself.
Gary hears that the girl cares for herself.
Ann sees herself bought some goods.
Ann sees herself buying some goods.
Gary sees himself bought some goods.
Gary sees himself buying some goods.
The female doctor explains that the man helps herself to food.
The female doctor explains that the man helps himself to food.
Matt explains that the female professor helps himself to food.
Matt explains that the female professor helps herself to food.
The wife writes that the father teaches herself French.
The wife writes that the father teaches himself French.
Roger writes that the woman teaches himself French.
Roger writes that the woman teaches herself French.
The wife pictures herself taught a course.
The wife pictures herself teaching a course.
Roger pictures himself taught a course.
Roger pictures himself teaching a course.
The mother imagines herself moved the rock.
The mother imagines herself moving the rock.
Martin imagines himself moved the rock.
Martin imagines himself moving the rock.
The mother imagines herself drew that picture.
The mother imagines herself drawing that picture.
Thomas imagines himself drew that picture.
Thomas imagines himself drawing that picture.
Alice sees that the king hit herself.
Alice sees that the king hit himself.
Jerry sees that the princess hit himself.
Jerry sees that the princess hit herself.
Alice sees herself hit that record.
Alice sees herself hitting that record.
Jerry sees himself hit that record.
Jerry sees himself hitting that record.
Catherine believes that the boy is fighting for herself.
Catherine believes that the boy is fighting for himself.
Dennis believes that the female president is fighting for himself.
Dennis believes that the female president is fighting for herself.
Catherine imagines herself fought the fire.
Catherine imagines herself fighting the fire.
Dennis imagines himself fought the fire.
Dennis imagines himself fighting the fire.
Alice feels that the father is protecting herself.
Alice feels that the father is protecting himself.
The man feels that the girl is protecting himself.
The man feels that the girl is protecting herself.
Alice imagines herself opened an account.
Alice imagines herself opening an account.
The man pictures himself opened an account.
The man pictures himself opening an account.
Alice reports that the boy helps herself to food.
Alice reports that the boy helps himself to food.
The king reports that the woman helps himself to food.
The king reports that the woman helps herself to food.
Alice finds herself helped a family.
Alice finds herself helping a family.
The king finds himself helped a family.
The king finds himself helping a family.
Ruth thinks that the male doctor helps herself to food.
Ruth thinks that the male doctor helps himself to food.
Martin thinks that the woman helps himself to food.
Martin thinks that the woman helps herself to food.
Ruth finds herself fixed that car.
Ruth finds herself fixing that car.
Martin finds himself fixed that car.
Martin finds himself fixing that car.
Anna believes that the brother was defending herself.
Anna believes that the brother was defending himself.
Jack believes that the mother was defending himself.
Jack believes that the mother was defending herself.
Alice sees herself stopped this car.
Alice sees herself stopping this car.
The father sees himself stopped this car.
The father sees himself stopping this car.
Sarah believes that the prince is drawing a picture of herself.
Sarah believes that the prince is drawing a picture of himself.
Oliver believes that the girl is drawing a picture of himself.
Oliver believes that the girl is drawing a picture of herself.
Sarah imagines herself drew a line.
Sarah imagines herself drawing a line.
Oliver imagines himself drew a line.
Oliver imagines himself drawing a line.
Kelly feels that the brother trusts herself.
Kelly feels that the brother trusts himself.
The boy feels that the daughter trusts himself.
The boy feels that the daughter trusts herself.
Kelly imagines herself trusted the assistant.
Kelly imagines herself trusting the assistant.
The boy pictures himself trusted the assistant.
The boy pictures himself trusting the assistant.
Helen pictures herself performed a song.
Helen pictures herself performing a song.
John pictures himself performed a song.
John pictures himself performing a song.
The lady knows that the male player is dressing herself.
The lady knows that the male player is dressing himself.
The male player knows that the female professor is dressing himself.
The male player knows that the female professor is dressing herself.
The lady finds herself fought in that war.
The lady finds herself fighting in that war.
The male player finds himself fought in that war.
The male player finds himself fighting in that war.
Mary pictures herself gave that speech.
Mary pictures herself giving that speech.
Alexander pictures himself gave that speech.
Alexander pictures himself giving that speech.
Sarah finds herself asked that question.
Sarah finds herself asking that question.
The prince finds himself asked that question.
The prince finds himself asking that question.
Catherine imagines herself performed this music.
Catherine imagines herself performing this music.
Dennis pictures himself performed this music.
Dennis pictures himself performing this music.
The wife explains that the male president is attacking herself.
The wife explains that the male president is attacking himself.
Lawrence explains that the princess is attacking himself.
Lawrence explains that the princess is attacking herself.
The mother learns that the father asked herself a question.
The mother learns that the father asked himself a question.
Ryan learns that the female player asked himself a question.
Ryan learns that the female player asked herself a question.
The mother imagines herself asked some questions.
The mother imagines herself asking some questions.
Ryan imagines himself asked some questions.
Ryan imagines himself asking some questions.
Ruth reports that the father depends on herself.
Ruth reports that the father depends on himself.
Victor reports that the girl depends on himself.
Victor reports that the girl depends on herself.
Ruth finds herself lived with her parents.
Ruth finds herself living with her parents.
Victor finds himself lived with his parents.
Victor finds himself living with his parents.
Maria imagines herself performed this song.
Maria imagines herself performing this song.
Paul imagines himself performed this song.
Paul imagines himself performing this song.
Sarah thinks that the male professor brought herself to the park.
Sarah thinks that the male professor brought himself to the park.
Roger thinks that the female player brought himself to the park.
Roger thinks that the female player brought herself to the park.
Sarah finds herself brought about the change.
Sarah finds herself bringing about the change.
Roger finds himself brought about the change.
Roger finds himself bringing about the change.
The wife writes that the boy helps herself to food.
The wife writes that the boy helps himself to food.
The male professor writes that the female player helps himself to food.
The male professor writes that the female player helps herself to food.
The wife pictures herself fixed the car.
The wife pictures herself fixing the car.
The male professor pictures himself fixed the car.
The male professor pictures himself fixing the car.
The girl imagines herself found the place.
The girl imagines herself finding the place.
Jimmy imagines himself found the place.
Jimmy imagines himself finding the place.
Ruth thinks that the male professor understands herself.
Ruth thinks that the male professor understands himself.
The father thinks that the lady understands himself.
The father thinks that the lady understands herself.
Ruth finds herself understood the story.
Ruth finds herself understanding the story.
The father finds himself understood the story.
The father finds himself understanding the story.
Catherine believes that the male player has prepared herself for the job.
Catherine believes that the male player has prepared himself for the job.
Alexander believes that the princess prepared himself for the job.
Alexander believes that the princess prepared herself for the job.
Catherine imagines herself sent the message.
Catherine imagines herself sending the message.
Alexander imagines himself sent the message.
Alexander imagines himself sending the message.
The female professor means to say that the prince is teaching herself.
The female professor means to say that the prince is teaching himself.
The male president means to say that the wife is teaching himself.
The male president means to say that the wife is teaching herself.
The female professor imagines herself taught that class.
The female professor imagines herself teaching that class.
The male president imagines himself taught that class.
The male president imagines himself teaching that class.
Helen learns that the male professor changed herself.
Helen learns that the male professor changed himself.
The king learns that the lady changed himself.
The king learns that the lady changed herself.
Helen imagines herself closed the door.
Helen imagines herself closing the door.
The king imagines himself closed the door.
The king imagines himself closing the door.
Ruth thinks that the father proves herself.
Ruth thinks that the father proves himself.
Victor thinks that the girl proves himself.
Victor thinks that the girl proves herself.
Ruth finds herself proved this case.
Ruth finds herself proving this case.
Victor finds himself proved this case.
Victor finds himself proving this case.
Ann explains that the male doctor hides herself.
Ann explains that the male doctor hides himself.
Thomas explains that the lady hides himself.
Thomas explains that the lady hides herself.
Elizabeth feels that the male player helps herself to food.
Elizabeth feels that the male player helps himself to food.
Jimmy feels that the female professor helps himself to food.
Jimmy feels that the female professor helps herself to food.
Elizabeth imagines herself informed this student.
Elizabeth imagines herself informing this student.
Jimmy pictures himself informed this student.
Jimmy pictures himself informing this student.
The female doctor explains that the male player chooses herself.
The female doctor explains that the male player chooses himself.
Thomas explains that the woman chooses himself.
Thomas explains that the woman chooses herself.
Elizabeth says that the male professor proves herself.
Elizabeth says that the male professor proves himself.
The brother says that the female professor proves himself.
The brother says that the female professor proves herself.
Elizabeth sees herself proved that case.
Elizabeth sees herself proving that case.
The brother sees himself proved that case.
The brother sees himself proving that case.
Catherine imagines herself drew the attention.
Catherine imagines herself drawing the attention.
Matt imagines himself drew the attention.
Matt imagines himself drawing the attention.
The female doctor pictures herself held the election.
The female doctor pictures herself holding the election.
Martin pictures himself held the election.
Martin pictures himself holding the election.
The female professor believes that the male professor adds herself.
The female professor believes that the male professor adds himself.
Roger imagines himself added this information.
Roger imagines himself adding this information.
The girl feels that the man has introduced herself to others.
The girl feels that the man has introduced himself to others.
Ryan feels that the female player has introduced himself to others.
Ryan feels that the female player has introduced herself to others.
The girl imagines herself described that picture.
The girl imagines herself describing that picture.
Ryan pictures himself described that picture.
Ryan pictures himself describing that picture.
Elizabeth imagines herself produced the goods.
Elizabeth imagines herself producing the goods.
Sam sees himself produced the goods.
Sam sees himself producing the goods.
The female doctor sees that the male doctor saves herself.
The female doctor sees that the male doctor saves himself.
The father sees that the mother saved himself.
The father sees that the mother saved herself.
The female doctor sees herself read this story.
The female doctor sees herself reading this story.
The father sees himself read this story.
The father sees himself reading this story.
Mary learns that her brother is helping herself.
Mary learns that her brother is helping himself.
Roger learns that his wife is helping himself.
Roger learns that his wife is helping herself.
Mary imagines herself helped the people.
Mary imagines herself helping the people.
Roger imagines himself helped the people.
Roger imagines himself helping the people.
The woman understands that the male doctor chooses herself.
The woman understands that the male doctor chooses himself.
The male professor understands that the woman chooses himself.
The male professor understands that the woman chooses herself.
The girl sees that the brother doesn't like herself.
The girl sees that the brother doesn't like himself.
Ben sees that the girl doesn't like himself.
Ben sees that the girl doesn't like herself.
The girl sees herself sold those goods.
The girl sees herself selling those goods.
Ben sees himself sold those goods.
Ben sees himself selling those goods.
Helen writes that the man introduces herself to others.
Helen writes that the man introduces himself to others.
The prince writes that the lady introduces himself to others.
The prince writes that the lady introduces herself to others.
Helen imagines herself described a picture.
Helen imagines herself describing a picture.
The prince imagines himself described a picture.
The prince imagines himself describing a picture.
Elizabeth sees herself reached the city.
Elizabeth sees herself reaching the city.
Jack sees himself reached the city.
Jack sees himself reaching the city.
The lady finds herself won that war.
The lady finds herself winning that war.
Jason finds himself won that war.
Jason finds himself winning that war.
The woman writes that the male professor supports herself.
The woman writes that the male professor supports himself.
Stephen writes that the female doctor supports himself.
Stephen writes that the female doctor supports herself.
The woman imagines herself raised the money for children.
The woman imagines herself raising the money for children.
Stephen imagines himself raised the money for children.
Stephen imagines himself raising the money for children.
Jane explains that the father is protecting herself.
Jane explains that the father is protecting himself.
Lawrence explains that the wife is protecting himself.
Lawrence explains that the wife is protecting herself.
The lady imagines herself reported the crime.
The lady imagines herself reporting the crime.
The boy imagines himself reported the crime.
The boy imagines himself reporting the crime.
The princess feels that the king is dressing herself.
The princess feels that the king is dressing himself.
Oliver feels that the girl is dressing himself.
Oliver feels that the girl is dressing herself.
The princess imagines herself fought the enemy.
The princess imagines herself fighting the enemy.
Oliver imagines himself fought the enemy.
Oliver imagines himself fighting the enemy.
Ann imagines herself bought a car.
Ann imagines herself buying a car.
Matt imagines himself bought a car.
Matt imagines himself buying a car.
Jane reports that the man saves herself.
Jane reports that the man saves himself.
The boy reports that the female president saves himself.
The boy reports that the female president saves herself.
Jane finds herself read that story.
Jane finds herself reading that story.
The boy finds himself read that story.
The boy finds himself reading that story.
Mary thinks that the king attacks herself.
Mary thinks that the king attacks himself.
Sam thinks that the daughter attacks himself.
Sam thinks that the daughter attacks herself.
Mary finds herself attacked the enemy.
Mary finds herself attacking the enemy.
Sam finds himself attacked the enemy.
Sam finds himself attacking the enemy.
The princess imagines herself bought this book.
The princess imagines herself buying this book.
Carl imagines himself bought this book.
Carl imagines himself buying this book.
The daughter imagines herself performed this song.
The daughter imagines herself performing this song.
Alexander imagines himself performed this song.
Alexander imagines himself performing this song.
Kelly sees that the king is hiding herself.
Kelly sees that the king is hiding himself.
The male president sees that the female player is hiding himself.
The male president sees that the female player is hiding herself.
Alice finds herself held this line.
Alice finds herself holding this line.
The father finds himself held this line.
The father finds himself holding this line.
The mother sees herself reported that crime.
The mother sees herself reporting that crime.
Alexander sees himself reported that crime.
Alexander sees himself reporting that crime.
The female doctor learns that the man protected herself.
The female doctor learns that the man protected himself.
Jack learns that the woman protected himself.
Jack learns that the woman protected herself.
The female doctor imagines herself protected those people.
The female doctor imagines herself protecting those people.
Jack imagines himself protected those people.
Jack imagines himself protecting those people.
Anna imagines herself tried this method.
Anna imagines herself trying this method.
The male doctor imagines himself tried this method.
The male doctor imagines himself trying this method.
The female president wrote that the brother helped herself.
The female president wrote that the brother helped himself.
The male doctor wrote that the female player helped himself.
The male doctor wrote that the female player helped herself.
Maria imagines herself cut this line.
Maria imagines herself cutting this line.
Charles imagines himself cut this line.
Charles imagines himself cutting this line.
The wife means to say that the father doesn't like herself.
The wife means to say that the father doesn't like himself.
Anthony means to say that the wife doesn't like himself.
Anthony means to say that the wife doesn't like herself.
The woman imagines herself caught the train.
The woman imagines herself catching the train.
The king pictures himself caught the train.
The king pictures himself catching the train.
Victoria writes that the man trusts herself.
Victoria writes that the man trusts himself.
William writes that the mother trusts himself.
William writes that the mother trusts herself.
Victoria pictures herself trusted that assistant.
Victoria pictures herself trusting that assistant.
William pictures himself trusted that assistant.
William pictures himself trusting that assistant.
Sarah means to say that the male player believes in herself.
Sarah means to say that the male player believes in himself.
Jerry means to say that the mother believes in himself.
Jerry means to say that the mother believes in herself.
Sarah imagines herself believed the truth.
Sarah imagines herself believing the truth.
Jerry imagines himself believed the truth.
Jerry imagines himself believing the truth.
The female professor knows that the prince prepared herself for the job.
The female professor knows that the prince prepared himself for the job.
Gary knows that the lady prepared himself for the job.
Gary knows that the lady prepared herself for the job.
The female professor finds herself finished a project.
The female professor finds herself finishing a project.
Gary finds himself finished a project.
Gary finds himself finishing a project.
The female doctor thinks that the male doctor saved herself.
The female doctor thinks that the male doctor saved himself.
Charles thinks that the female professor saved himself.
Charles thinks that the female professor saved herself.
The female doctor finds herself led the group.
The female doctor finds herself leading the group.
Charles finds himself led the group.
Charles finds himself leading the group.
Elizabeth explains that the male doctor is dressing herself.
Elizabeth explains that the male doctor is dressing himself.
Dennis explains that the mother is dressing himself.
Dennis explains that the mother is dressing herself.
The female professor finds herself threw the party.
The female professor finds herself throwing the party.
Dennis finds himself threw the party.
Dennis finds himself throwing the party.
Ann reports that the father trusts herself.
Ann reports that the father trusts himself.
Walter reports that the female president trusts himself.
Walter reports that the female president trusts herself.
Ann finds herself trusted a friend.
Ann finds herself trusting a friend.
Walter finds himself trusted a friend.
Walter finds himself trusting a friend.
Catherine finds herself ate that food.
Catherine finds herself eating that food.
The male professor finds himself ate that food.
The male professor finds himself eating that food.
Ruth says that the male doctor supports herself.
Ruth says that the male doctor supports himself.
The man says that the princess supports himself.
The man says that the princess supports herself.
The daughter understands that the father prepared herself for the job.
The daughter understands that the father prepared himself for the job.
The boy understands that the female professor prepared himself for the job.
The boy understands that the female professor prepared herself for the job.
The female player hears that the brother is improving herself.
The female player hears that the brother is improving himself.
Robert hears that the female doctor is improving himself.
Robert hears that the female doctor is improving herself.
The female player sees herself built a house.
The female player sees herself building a house.
Robert sees himself built a house.
Robert sees himself building a house.
The female doctor finds herself watched the film.
The female doctor finds herself watching the film.
Joe finds himself watched the film.
Joe finds himself watching the film.
Kelly knows that the man prepared herself for the job.
Kelly knows that the man prepared himself for the job.
Matt knows that the mother prepared himself for the job.
Matt knows that the mother prepared herself for the job.
The female professor learns that the prince protected herself.
The female professor learns that the prince protected himself.
Dennis learns that the female doctor protected himself.
Dennis learns that the female doctor protected herself.
The female professor imagines herself opened an account.
The female professor imagines herself opening an account.
Dennis imagines himself opened an account.
Dennis imagines himself opening an account.
The wife finds herself learned a new language.
The wife finds herself learning a new language.
The father finds himself learned a new language.
The father finds himself learning a new language.
The wife understands that the prince is controlling herself.
The wife understands that the prince is controlling himself.
Adam understands that the female president is controlling himself.
Adam understands that the female president is controlling herself.
Maria hears that the boy asked herself a question.
Maria hears that the boy asked himself a question.
Thomas hears that his mother asked himself a question.
Thomas hears that his mother asked herself a question.
Maria sees herself asked this question.
Maria sees herself asking this question.
Thomas sees himself asked this question.
Thomas sees himself asking this question.
The mother learns that the male doctor trusts herself.
The mother learns that the male doctor trusts himself.
Adam learns that the female doctor trusts himself.
Adam learns that the female doctor trusts herself.
The mother imagines herself trusted that friend.
The mother imagines herself trusting that friend.
Adam imagines himself trusted that friend.
Adam imagines himself trusting that friend.
The princess sees herself added the information to the book.
The princess sees herself adding the information to the book.
William sees himself added the information to the book.
William sees himself adding the information to the book.
Catherine feels that the boy wants to improve herself.
Catherine feels that the boy wants to improve himself.
Oliver feels that the girl wants to improve himself.
Oliver feels that the girl wants to improve herself.
Catherine imagines herself built that stadium.
Catherine imagines herself building that stadium.
Oliver pictures himself built that stadium.
Oliver pictures himself building that stadium.
Victoria sees herself caught a fish.
Victoria sees herself catching a fish.
The man sees himself caught a fish.
The man sees himself catching a fish.
The female professor knows that the male player helped herself.
The female professor knows that the male player helped himself.
Paul knows that the lady helped himself.
Paul knows that the lady helped herself.
The daughter pictures herself brought this change.
The daughter pictures herself bringing this change.
The brother pictures himself brought this change.
The brother pictures himself bringing this change.
The female doctor finds that the prince saved herself.
The female doctor finds that the prince saved himself.
Dan finds that the lady saved himself.
Dan finds that the lady saved herself.
The female doctor sees herself read a paper.
The female doctor sees herself reading a paper.
Dan sees himself read a paper.
Dan sees himself reading a paper.
Ruth pictures herself met some people.
Ruth pictures herself meeting some people.
Walter pictures himself met some people.
Walter pictures himself meeting some people.
The woman knows that the boy is supporting herself.
The woman knows that the boy is supporting himself.
William knows that the princess is supporting himself.
William knows that the princess is supporting herself.
Jack pictures himself drew that picture.
Jack pictures himself drawing that picture.
The female doctor believes that the male president is dressing herself.
The female doctor believes that the male president is dressing himself.
Victor knows that the female professor is dressing himself.
Victor knows that the female professor is dressing herself.
The female doctor imagines herself fought that enemy.
The female doctor imagines herself fighting that enemy.
Ruth feels that the male professor is hitting herself.
Ruth feels that the male professor is hitting himself.
Robert feels that the girl is hitting himself.
Robert feels that the girl is hitting herself.
Ruth imagines herself hit the target.
Ruth imagines herself hitting the target.
Robert pictures himself hit the target.
Robert pictures himself hitting the target.
The princess notices that the brother saved herself.
The princess notices that the brother saved himself.
Carl notices that the wife saved himself.
Carl notices that the wife saved herself.
The princess sees herself led the group.
The princess sees herself leading the group.
Carl sees himself led the group.
Carl sees himself leading the group.
Elizabeth sees herself showed this result.
Elizabeth sees herself showing this result.
The brother sees himself showed this result.
The brother sees himself showing this result.
The girl believes that the male doctor protected herself.
The girl believes that the male doctor protected himself.
Adam believes that the female president protected himself.
Adam believes that the female president protected herself.
The girl imagines herself protected the people.
The girl imagines herself protecting the people.
Adam imagines himself protected the people.
Adam imagines himself protecting the people.
Anna imagines herself wrote letters.
Anna imagines herself writing letters.
The brother pictures himself wrote letters.
The brother pictures himself writing letters.
Martin reports that the woman supports himself.
Martin reports that the woman supports herself.
The daughter finds herself raised the money for children.
The daughter finds herself raising the money for children.
Martin finds himself raised the money.
Martin finds himself raising the money.
Jane understands that the boy believes in herself.
Jane understands that the boy believes in himself.
Jerry understands that his mother believes in himself.
Jerry understands that his mother believes in herself.
Anna hears that the king is helping herself.
Anna hears that the king is helping himself.
The man hears that the wife is helping himself.
The man hears that the wife is helping herself.
Anna sees herself helped that family.
Anna sees herself helping that family.
The man sees himself helped that family.
The man sees himself helping that family.
The princess believes that the king is preparing herself for the job.
The princess believes that the king is preparing himself for the job.
Jason believes that the lady is preparing himself for the job.
Jason believes that the lady is preparing herself for the job.
Anna pictures herself caught a ball.
Anna pictures herself catching a ball.
Anthony pictures himself caught a ball.
Anthony pictures himself catching a ball.
The female player explains that the male doctor saved herself.
The female player explains that the male doctor saved himself.
Martin explains that the female player saved himself.
Martin explains that the female player saved herself.
The woman finds herself told that story to Anna.
The woman finds herself telling that story to Anna.
Adam finds himself told that story to Anna.
Adam finds himself telling that story to Anna.
The female player hears that the man saw herself appear on television.
The female player hears that the man saw himself appear on television.
Martin hears that the lady saw himself appear on television.
Martin hears that the lady saw herself appear on television.
The female player sees herself joined a team.
The female player sees herself joining a team.
Martin sees himself joined a team.
Martin sees himself joining a team.
Helen sees herself sold some goods.
Helen sees herself selling some goods.
Matt sees himself sold some goods.
Matt sees himself selling some goods.
Ruth learns that the prince changed herself.
Ruth learns that the prince changed himself.
John learns that his mother changed himself.
John learns that his mother changed herself.
Ruth imagines herself closed this door.
Ruth imagines herself closing this door.
John imagines himself closed this door.
John imagines himself closing this door.
The princess sees herself made money.
The princess sees herself making money.
Dan sees himself made money.
Dan sees himself making money.
The lady sees that the brother helps herself to food.
The lady sees that the brother helps himself to food.
Jack sees that the woman helps himself to food.
Jack sees that the woman helps herself to food.
The female professor sees herself reached this goal.
The female professor sees herself reaching this goal.
Kelly hears that the male doctor proved herself.
Kelly hears that the male doctor proved himself.
Carl hears that the woman proved himself.
Carl hears that the woman proved herself.
Kelly sees herself proved the claim.
Kelly sees herself proving the claim.
Carl sees himself proved the claim.
Carl sees himself proving the claim.
The female professor imagines herself painted some wall.
The female professor imagines herself painting some wall.
Dennis imagines himself painted some wall.
Dennis imagines himself painting some wall.
The female player believes that the father is attacking herself.
The female player believes that the father is attacking himself.
The prince believes that the female professor is attacking himself.
The prince believes that the female professor is attacking herself.
The female doctor sees herself started a project.
The female doctor sees herself starting a project.