Who would Maria wanna go?
Why would Maria wanna go?
Who does the same student wanna watch the video?
Where does the same student wanna watch the video?
Who did the famous president wanna lead the group?
Why did the famous president wanna lead the group?
Who does Ross wanna arrive early?
Why does Ross wanna arrive early?
Who did Maria wanna perform the music?
Why did Maria wanna perform the music?
Who would the French teacher wanna believe the news?
When would the French teacher wanna believe the news?
Who does Maria wanna rest?
Why does Maria wanna rest?
Who would James wanna swim?
Why would James wanna swim?
Who did the professional man wanna see the film?
Where did the professional man wanna see the film?
Who does the special leader wanna lead the group?
When does the special leader wanna lead the group?
Who did Joe wanna swim?
Where did Joe wanna swim?
Who did John wanna rest?
Where did John wanna rest?
Who will Ross wanna travel?
Where will Ross wanna travel?
Who would the famous friend wanna trust the friend?
Why would the famous friend wanna trust the friend?
Who did Dennis wanna rest?
Where did Dennis wanna rest?
Who did the young doctor wanna save money?
Why did the young doctor wanna save money?
Who will the happy officer wanna serve the community?
When will the happy officer wanna serve the community?
Who will Oliver wanna walk the dog?
Where will Oliver wanna walk the dog?
Who will the poor woman wanna find the way?
When will the poor woman wanna find the way?
Who did Kelly wanna wait?
Where did Kelly wanna wait?
Who does Michael wanna travel?
How does Michael wanna travel?
Who will Dan wanna perform the music?
Where will Dan wanna perform the music?
Who did the professional player wanna reach out to the man?
When did the professional player wanna reach out to the man?
Who did Alice wanna travel?
Where did Alice wanna travel?
Who will Ross wanna wait?
Where will Ross wanna wait?
What would Andy wanna leave the gift at home?
Where would Andy wanna leave the gift at home?
Who would Alexander wanna rest?
Where would Alexander wanna rest?
Who will the happy parent wanna help the child?
Where will the happy parent wanna help the child?
Who would Brian wanna go?
When would Brian wanna go?
Who would the active team wanna attack the city?
When would the active team wanna attack the city?
Who will the Australian student wanna trust the assistant?
When will the Australian student wanna trust the assistant?
Who did the rich parent wanna help the student?
Why did the rich parent wanna help the student?
Who did Philip wanna go?
Why did Philip wanna go?
Who will the young man wanna love the family?
When will the young man wanna love the family?
Who will the special minister wanna lead the group?
When will the special minister wanna lead the group?
Who would the friendly soldier wanna serve the community?
When would the friendly soldier wanna serve the community?
Who does Andy wanna perform the music?
Why does Andy wanna perform the music?
Who would the friendly soldier wanna serve the government?
When would the friendly soldier wanna serve the government?
Who would Helen wanna arrive?
How would Helen wanna arrive?
Who would Oliver wanna rest?
How would Oliver wanna rest?
Who does Tony wanna run the team?
Why does Tony wanna run the team?
Who will the young father wanna tell him the story?
Where will the young father wanna tell him the story?
Who would Philip wanna travel?
Why would Philip wanna travel?
Who will the Indian army wanna attack the enemy?
Where will the Indian army wanna attack the enemy?
Who did the poor soldier wanna save money?
When did the poor soldier wanna save money?
Who does Gary wanna swim?
Why does Gary wanna swim?
Who will the important leader wanna invite the friend?
When will the important leader wanna invite the friend?
Who will the modern player wanna follow the plan?
When will the modern player wanna follow the plan?
Who would the modern teacher wanna save energy?
When would the modern teacher wanna save energy?
Who will the Indian teacher wanna tell him the story?
Where will the Indian teacher wanna tell him the story?
Who will the important teacher wanna tell him the truth?
When will the important teacher wanna tell him the truth?
Who does the Australian member wanna join the party?
When does the Australian member wanna join the party?
Who does the Canadian leader wanna meet the committee?
Where does the Canadian leader wanna meet the committee?
Who does the little man wanna love the family?
When does the little man wanna love the family?
Who will the player wanna join the team?
When will the player wanna join the team?
Who did the responsible officer wanna serve the nation?
Where did the responsible officer wanna serve the nation?
Who did Bill wanna work on the project?
Why did Bill wanna work on the project?
Who would the professional teacher wanna help the student?
Why would the professional teacher wanna help the student?
Who did the rich player wanna join the team?
Why did the rich player wanna join the team?
Who does the poor woman wanna watch the video?
Where does the poor woman wanna watch the video?
Who will Roger wanna arrive?
How will Roger wanna arrive?
Who did the famous man wanna see the doctor?
Why did the famous man wanna see the doctor?
What does Mary wanna leave the gift at home?
Why does Mary wanna leave the gift at home?
What would Bill wanna leave the gift at home?
Why would Bill wanna leave the gift at home?
Who would Brian wanna arrive?
How would Brian wanna arrive?
Who did Catherine wanna stay?
Where did Catherine wanna stay?
Who would Dennis wanna stay?
Why would Dennis wanna stay?
Who will the old worker wanna serve the government?
Why will the old worker wanna serve the government?
Who did Edward wanna travel?
How did Edward wanna travel?
Who will Anna wanna lie down?
Where will Anna wanna lie down?
Who will the old president wanna lead the group?
Why will the old president wanna lead the group?
Who does Robert wanna perform the music?
How does Robert wanna perform the music?
Who would the special man wanna see the game?
Why would the special man wanna see the game?
Who will Kelly wanna go?
How will Kelly wanna go?
Who would the responsible teacher wanna believe the news?
Why would the responsible teacher wanna believe the news?
Who will the lost friend wanna help the family?
Why will the lost friend wanna help the family?
What will Ann wanna travel to the city?
How will Ann wanna travel to the city?
Who does Ruth wanna walk the dog?
Why does Ruth wanna walk the dog?
Who does the Australian player wanna trust the friend?
Why does the Australian player wanna trust the friend?
Who would the same actor wanna marry the woman?
Where would the same actor wanna marry the woman?
Who does the French student wanna believe the story?
Why does the French student wanna believe the story?
Who would Adam wanna wait?
Why would Adam wanna wait?
Who will the famous teacher wanna save energy?
Why will the famous teacher wanna save energy?
Who did the Indian woman wanna watch the game?
Where did the Indian woman wanna watch the game?
Who does the special leader wanna lead the team?
Why does the special leader wanna lead the team?
Who did Frank wanna wait?
How did Frank wanna wait?
Who did Larry wanna arrive?
How did Larry wanna arrive?
Who does Sarah wanna perform the music?
How does Sarah wanna perform the music?
Who did the same soldier wanna attack the enemy?
Why did the same soldier wanna attack the enemy?
Who will the friendly student wanna meet the team?
Where will the friendly student wanna meet the team?
Who will Bruce wanna swim?
How will Bruce wanna swim?
Who will Bill wanna arrive?
When will Bill wanna arrive?
Who will the Canadian woman wanna believe the news?
Why will the Canadian woman wanna believe the news?
Who will Victoria wanna stay?
When will Victoria wanna stay?
Who does the important doctor wanna understand the story?
Why does the important doctor wanna understand the story?
Who did the professional woman wanna believe the truth?
When did the professional woman wanna believe the truth?
Who does the Indian member wanna join the team?
When does the Indian member wanna join the team?
Who will John wanna wait?
When will John wanna wait?
Who will Martin wanna go?
When will Martin wanna go?
Who did the European teacher wanna call the friend?
Where did the European teacher wanna call the friend?
Who would Jane wanna walk the dog?
When would Jane wanna walk the dog?
Who does the responsible friend wanna support the position?
When does the responsible friend wanna support the position?
Who would the slow student wanna trust the assistant?
Where would the slow student wanna trust the assistant?
Who does Ruth wanna wait?
When does Ruth wanna wait?
Who would Larry wanna wait?
How would Larry wanna wait?
Who will the modern student wanna follow the order?
Where will the modern student wanna follow the order?
Who will the rich teacher wanna tell him the story?
Why will the rich teacher wanna tell him the story?
Who does Ben wanna go?
How does Ben wanna go?
Who does the famous player wanna reach out to the professor?
Where does the famous player wanna reach out to the professor?
Who does Anna wanna travel?
How does Anna wanna travel?
Who did the kind leader wanna invite the friend?
Where did the kind leader wanna invite the friend?
Who will Tony wanna seat the guest?
How will Tony wanna seat the guest?
Who did Kelly wanna travel?
Why did Kelly wanna travel?
Who does the professional team wanna reach out to the professor?
Why does the professional team wanna reach out to the professor?
Who does Bill wanna go?
How does Bill wanna go?
Who does the poor member wanna join the party?
When does the poor member wanna join the party?
Who did the special student wanna call the friend?
Where did the special student wanna call the friend?
Who will the special player wanna reach out to the professor?
Why will the special player wanna reach out to the professor?
Who would the young team wanna attack the enemy?
Why would the young team wanna attack the enemy?
Who did Gary wanna perform the music?
How did Gary wanna perform the music?
Who will Elizabeth wanna wait?
How will Elizabeth wanna wait?
Who did the Canadian student wanna see the film?
When did the Canadian student wanna see the film?
Who does Ted wanna rest?
How does Ted wanna rest?
Who would the kind professor wanna teach the students?
Where would the kind professor wanna teach the students?
Who will Tony wanna lie down?
Why will Tony wanna lie down?
Who does the important team wanna follow the rule?
Why does the important team wanna follow the rule?
Who would the Canadian government wanna support the family?
Why would the Canadian government wanna support the family?
What will Michael wanna travel to the city?
Why will Michael wanna travel to the city?
Who did the important teacher wanna understand the language?
Why did the important teacher wanna understand the language?
Who did Elizabeth wanna swim?
When did Elizabeth wanna swim?
What will the responsible parent wanna support the team?
Why will the responsible parent wanna support the team?
What did Tony wanna travel to the city?
When did Tony wanna travel to the city?
Who will Martin wanna arrive?
When will Martin wanna arrive?
Who will Ben wanna wait?
When will Ben wanna wait?
Who does the happy man wanna find the information?
Where does the happy man wanna find the information?
Who does Edward wanna rest?
When does Edward wanna rest?
Who would the slow member wanna join the party?
Why would the slow member wanna join the party?
Who would the famous woman wanna marry the man?
Why would the famous woman wanna marry the man?
Who does the French student wanna ask them the question?
Where does the French student wanna ask them the question?
Who will the lost teacher wanna meet the team?
Where will the lost teacher wanna meet the team?
Who does the old child wanna perform the music?
When does the old child wanna perform the music?
Who will the responsible team wanna attack the enemy?
When will the responsible team wanna attack the enemy?
What would Philip wanna leave the gift at home?
How would Philip wanna leave the gift at home?
Who does the American boy wanna hit the target?
Where does the American boy wanna hit the target?
What would Tim wanna come early?
How would Tim wanna come early?
Who did the poor student wanna watch the television?
Where did the poor student wanna watch the television?
Who does Michael wanna wait?
How does Michael wanna wait?
Who did the poor leader wanna lead the team?
When did the poor leader wanna lead the team?
What will John wanna leave the gift at home?
How will John wanna leave the gift at home?
Who does Tony wanna seat the guest?
How does Tony wanna seat the guest?
Who will the friendly parent wanna help the family?
When will the friendly parent wanna help the family?
Who does the active woman wanna see the game?
When does the active woman wanna see the game?
Who did the fast woman wanna see the game?
When did the fast woman wanna see the game?
Who did Ruth wanna seat the guest?
How did Ruth wanna seat the guest?
Who would the active coach wanna teach the children?
Where would the active coach wanna teach the children?
Who will the happy professor wanna teach the children?
Where will the happy professor wanna teach the children?
Who did Tim wanna seat the guest?
How did Tim wanna seat the guest?
Who will the rich team wanna attack the city?
When will the rich team wanna attack the city?
Who does Walter wanna perform the music?
How does Walter wanna perform the music?
Who did the responsible minister wanna lead the group?
When did the responsible minister wanna lead the group?
Who will Gary wanna swim?
How will Gary wanna swim?
Who did the fast player wanna reach out to the professor?
Why did the fast player wanna reach out to the professor?
Who did the special actor wanna marry the woman?
Where did the special actor wanna marry the woman?
What does Frank wanna leave the gift at home?
How does Frank wanna leave the gift at home?
Who did the poor leader wanna lead the group?
Why did the poor leader wanna lead the group?
Who will the beautiful player wanna join the team?
Why will the beautiful player wanna join the team?
Who did the same friend wanna call the police?
Why did the same friend wanna call the police?
Who would the same friend wanna support the team?
When would the same friend wanna support the team?
Who did Ross wanna work on the project?
How did Ross wanna work on the project?
Who would the American woman wanna see the film?
Why would the American woman wanna see the film?
Who would the Indian student wanna meet the team?
When would the Indian student wanna meet the team?
What does Alexander wanna leave the gift at home?
How does Alexander wanna leave the gift at home?
What would Oliver wanna come early?
How would Oliver wanna come early?
Who does the friendly student wanna join the party?
Why does the friendly student wanna join the party?
Who does the little man wanna see the doctor?
When does the little man wanna see the doctor?
Who does Jonathan wanna lie down?
How does Jonathan wanna lie down?
Who did the rich man wanna marry the woman?
When did the rich man wanna marry the woman?
Who did the happy child wanna watch the film?
When did the happy child wanna watch the film?
Who did the minister wanna lead the team?
When did the minister wanna lead the team?
Who does Maria wanna lie down?
How does Maria wanna lie down?
Who did the Indian player wanna trust the friend?
When did the Indian player wanna trust the friend?
What does the slow parent wanna help the team?
When does the slow parent wanna help the team?
Who does the poor coach wanna teach the students?
When does the poor coach wanna teach the students?
Who would Maria wanna travel?
How would Maria wanna travel?
Who will Frank wanna run the team?
How will Frank wanna run the team?
Who will Adam wanna seat the guest?
How will Adam wanna seat the guest?
Who does the kind man wanna love the family?
Why does the kind man wanna love the family?
Who does the little friend wanna call the friend?
Why does the little friend wanna call the friend?
Who would the beautiful student wanna call the police?
Why would the beautiful student wanna call the police?
Who did Brian wanna wait?
How did Brian wanna wait?
Who would Roger wanna wait?
How would Roger wanna wait?
Who would the Canadian child wanna ask them the question?
Why would the Canadian child wanna ask them the question?
Who does Oliver wanna arrive early?
How does Oliver wanna arrive early?
Who would Michael wanna arrive early?
How would Michael wanna arrive early?
What would the same teacher wanna help the team?
Why would the same teacher wanna help the team?
Who did the responsible man wanna believe the truth?
Why did the responsible man wanna believe the truth?
Who does the special council wanna support the family?
Why does the special council wanna support the family?
Who did Ben wanna come?
How did Ben wanna come?
Who will John wanna rest?
How will John wanna rest?
Who would Alexander wanna arrive early?
How would Alexander wanna arrive early?
Who did Ann wanna lie down?
How did Ann wanna lie down?
Who does the active woman wanna marry the man?
When does the active woman wanna marry the man?
Who did the French player wanna hit the ball?
Where did the French player wanna hit the ball?
Who would the modern doctor wanna save energy?
Why would the modern doctor wanna save energy?
Who did Tim wanna swim?
How did Tim wanna swim?
What did Dan wanna arrive early?
How did Dan wanna arrive early?
Who did the active friend wanna call the police?
When did the active friend wanna call the police?
Who does Roger wanna come?
How does Roger wanna come?
Who does the professional teacher wanna help the child?
When does the professional teacher wanna help the child?
Who did the famous woman wanna love the family?
When did the famous woman wanna love the family?
Who will Roger wanna stay?
How will Roger wanna stay?
Who would the little woman wanna watch the video?
When would the little woman wanna watch the video?
Who does Robert wanna swim?
How does Robert wanna swim?
Who did the active friend wanna support the team?
When did the active friend wanna support the team?
Who will the beautiful team wanna reach out to the man?
When will the beautiful team wanna reach out to the man?
Who would James wanna rest?
How would James wanna rest?
Who does the European woman wanna watch the game?
Where does the European woman wanna watch the game?
Who would Brian wanna leave the gift at home?
How would Brian wanna leave the gift at home?
Who will the American teacher wanna invite the friend?
When will the American teacher wanna invite the friend?
Who does Sarah wanna work on the project?
How does Sarah wanna work on the project?
Who will Jonathan wanna seat the guest?
How will Jonathan wanna seat the guest?
Who will the lost man wanna watch the television?
When will the lost man wanna watch the television?
Who will Tony wanna leave the gift at home?
How will Tony wanna leave the gift at home?
Who does Peter wanna perform the music?
How does Peter wanna perform the music?
Who will the American student wanna find the way?
When will the American student wanna find the way?
Who would you wanna work on the project?
How would you wanna work on the project?
Who will Helen wanna swim?
How will Helen wanna swim?
Who would Jane wanna go?
How would Jane wanna go?
Who did John wanna wait?
How did John wanna wait?
Who would Oliver wanna go?
How would Oliver wanna go?
Who will Ann wanna work on the project?
How will Ann wanna work on the project?
Who will the famous president wanna lead the group?
When will the famous president wanna lead the group?
Who does the French student wanna understand the story?
When does the French student wanna understand the story?
Who does the old parent wanna love the family?
When does the old parent wanna love the family?
Who did the old president wanna meet the team?
Where did the old president wanna meet the team?
Who did the slow friend wanna support the family?
When did the slow friend wanna support the family?
Who did Ross wanna seat the guest?
How did Ross wanna seat the guest?
Who did you wanna perform the music?
How did you wanna perform the music?
Who will Anna wanna perform the music?
How will Anna wanna perform the music?
Who would the professional teacher wanna tell him the story?
When would the professional teacher wanna tell him the story?
Who will the slow student wanna trust the friend?
When will the slow student wanna trust the friend?
What did the French player wanna follow the rule?
Why did the French player wanna follow the rule?
Who does Jane wanna run the team?
How does Jane wanna run the team?
What will Frank wanna stay outside?
How will Frank wanna stay outside?
Who would the special teacher wanna save money?
How would the special teacher wanna save money?
What will Anna wanna wait?
How will Anna wanna wait?
Who did the successful player wanna set the record?
How did the successful player wanna set the record?
Who will Robert wanna run the team?
How will Robert wanna run the team?
Who would the modern student wanna join the committee?
When would the modern student wanna join the committee?
Who would the leader wanna meet the team?
Where would the leader wanna meet the team?
Who does Andy wanna lie down?
How does Andy wanna lie down?
What would you wanna come?
How would you wanna come?
What did Kelly wanna perform the music?
How did Kelly wanna perform the music?
Who did the poor student wanna call the friend?
Where did the poor student wanna call the friend?
Who would the French teacher wanna call the police?
Where would the French teacher wanna call the police?
Who did Oliver wanna lie down?
Where did Oliver wanna lie down?
Who will the Canadian child wanna love the music?
When will the Canadian child wanna love the music?
What does Oliver wanna perform the music?
Where does Oliver wanna perform the music?
What does Gary wanna stay outside?
How does Gary wanna stay outside?
Who would Peter wanna run the team?
Where would Peter wanna run the team?
Who did Dennis wanna lie down?
Where did Dennis wanna lie down?
Who does the same teacher wanna teach the children?
Where does the same teacher wanna teach the children?
Who will the important president wanna lead the group?
Why will the important president wanna lead the group?
Who does Helen wanna lie down?
Why does Helen wanna lie down?
What did the little council wanna support the position?
Where did the little council wanna support the position?
Who does Tim wanna travel?
Why does Tim wanna travel?
Who will the American player wanna trust the friend?
Why will the American player wanna trust the friend?
Who would Ben wanna lie down?
Where would Ben wanna lie down?
What would Peter wanna arrive early?
Where would Peter wanna arrive early?
What does Martin wanna wait?
Where does Martin wanna wait?
What would Ruth wanna work on the project?
Where would Ruth wanna work on the project?
Who would Bruce wanna walk the dog?
Where would Bruce wanna walk the dog?
Who does the Canadian student wanna see the game?
Where does the Canadian student wanna see the game?
What would Michael wanna wait?
Where would Michael wanna wait?
Who would the American actor wanna marry the woman?
Where would the American actor wanna marry the woman?
Who will the poor student wanna ask them the question?
Where will the poor student wanna ask them the question?
Who does the successful friend wanna call the police?
When does the successful friend wanna call the police?
What did Edward wanna arrive early?
How did Edward wanna arrive early?
What will Victoria wanna go?
Where will Victoria wanna go?
Who would the famous police officer wanna find a job?
When would the famous police officer wanna find a job?
Who would the fast teacher wanna invite the guest?
Where would the fast teacher wanna invite the guest?
What would Ben wanna arrive early?
When would Ben wanna arrive early?
What does Philip wanna seat the guest?
Where does Philip wanna seat the guest?
What will the poor soldier wanna save energy?
When will the poor soldier wanna save energy?
Who did the young player wanna join the team?
When did the young player wanna join the team?
Who does the successful student wanna ask them the question?
Where does the successful student wanna ask them the question?
What did Anna wanna come?
Where did Anna wanna come?
Who did Peter wanna walk the dog?
How did Peter wanna walk the dog?
What will Tim wanna arrive early?
How will Tim wanna arrive early?
Who did Roger wanna swim?
How did Roger wanna swim?
Who will Ross wanna arrive early?
How will Ross wanna arrive early?
Who would the beautiful woman wanna believe the truth?
When would the beautiful woman wanna believe the truth?
Who did the old child wanna watch the video?
When did the old child wanna watch the video?
Who did the responsible child wanna ask them the question?
When did the responsible child wanna ask them the question?
Who will Edward wanna swim?
How will Edward wanna swim?
Who would the fast child wanna ask them the question?
When would the fast child wanna ask them the question?
Who does Philip wanna rest?
Where does Philip wanna rest?
Who would the Indian man wanna see the doctor?
When would the Indian man wanna see the doctor?
Who did Jane wanna run the team?
Where did Jane wanna run the team?
Who did Sarah wanna leave the gift at home?
Where did Sarah wanna leave the gift at home?
Who would the same student wanna ask them the question?
Why would the same student wanna ask them the question?
Who will the rich teacher wanna invite the friend?
When will the rich teacher wanna invite the friend?
Who does the special group wanna reach out to the professor?
Why does the special group wanna reach out to the professor?
Who does the little minister wanna serve the nation?
Why does the little minister wanna serve the nation?
Who will Dennis wanna swim?
How will Dennis wanna swim?
What did Robert wanna work on the project?
How did Robert wanna work on the project?
What would Alexander wanna work on the project?
How would Alexander wanna work on the project?
Who will the kind woman wanna marry the man?
When will the kind woman wanna marry the man?
Who did Ted wanna run the team?
How did Ted wanna run the team?
Who will Gary wanna travel?
How will Gary wanna travel?
Who does the lost government wanna support the team?
Why does the lost government wanna support the team?
What did Ben wanna perform the music?
How did Ben wanna perform the music?
What did the special army wanna attack the city?
Why did the special army wanna attack the city?
Who did Roger wanna leave the gift at home?
Why did Roger wanna leave the gift at home?
Who would the fast student wanna call the friend?
Where would the fast student wanna call the friend?
Who would the happy professor wanna teach the class?
Where would the happy professor wanna teach the class?
Who did the slow player wanna trust the friend?
Where did the slow player wanna trust the friend?
What would the friendly man wanna hit the target?
Why would the friendly man wanna hit the target?
What will Alexander wanna perform the music?
Where will Alexander wanna perform the music?
Who does Robert wanna walk the dog?
Where does Robert wanna walk the dog?
Who does Philip wanna run the group?
Where does Philip wanna run the group?
What did Tony wanna perform the music?
Where did Tony wanna perform the music?
Who does the little woman wanna believe the story?
When does the little woman wanna believe the story?
Who will Mary wanna travel?
Where will Mary wanna travel?
Who does the friendly leader wanna lead the group?
Why does the friendly leader wanna lead the group?
Who would the special player wanna trust the assistant?
Why would the special player wanna trust the assistant?
Who does the woman wanna watch the film?
Where does the woman wanna watch the film?
Who does Roger wanna leave the gift at home?
Why does Roger wanna leave the gift at home?
Who does the modern child wanna ask them the question?
Where does the modern child wanna ask them the question?
Who would the special student wanna call the police?
Where would the special student wanna call the police?
Who would the special child wanna watch the game?
Where would the special child wanna watch the game?
Who did Bruce wanna go?
Why did Bruce wanna go?
Who did the little boy wanna serve the nation?
Why did the little boy wanna serve the nation?
Who will the poor professor wanna teach us the language?
Why will the poor professor wanna teach us the language?
Who will Jane wanna arrive early?
Where will Jane wanna arrive early?
What does Helen wanna wait?
Where does Helen wanna wait?
Who does Jane wanna travel?
How does Jane wanna travel?
Who will Tim wanna lie down?
How will Tim wanna lie down?
What did Ruth wanna wait?
Why did Ruth wanna wait?
Who would the same student wanna meet the team?
Where would the same student wanna meet the team?
What would Ted wanna perform the music?
Where would Ted wanna perform the music?
What did the beautiful friend wanna support the team?
Where did the beautiful friend wanna support the team?
What will Philip wanna work on the project?
How will Philip wanna work on the project?
Who does the American man wanna marry the woman?
Why does the American man wanna marry the woman?
Who does the same parent wanna help the family?
How does the same parent wanna help the family?
What will the same player wanna hit the ball?
How will the same player wanna hit the ball?
Who will Larry wanna go?
Why will Larry wanna go?
Who would the soldier wanna save money?
How would the soldier wanna save money?
What did the Australian child wanna follow the order?
How did the Australian child wanna follow the order?
Who will the old woman wanna find the way?
Why will the old woman wanna find the way?
Who did the Indian man wanna see the film?
How did the Indian man wanna see the film?
What will the little man wanna hit the target?
Why will the little man wanna hit the target?
What will Norman wanna come?
Why will Norman wanna come?
Who did the happy teacher wanna ask the students the question?
How did the happy teacher wanna ask the students the question?
Who does the responsible council wanna support the family?
How does the responsible council wanna support the family?
Who will Ben wanna rest?
How will Ben wanna rest?
Who did the old student wanna watch the game?
Why did the old student wanna watch the game?
What did the friendly soldier wanna save energy?
Why did the friendly soldier wanna save energy?
Who does John wanna walk the dog?
How does John wanna walk the dog?
Who would Jane wanna travel?
Why would Jane wanna travel?
Who will the kind captain wanna lead the group?
Why will the kind captain wanna lead the group?
Who will Robert wanna swim?
Why will Robert wanna swim?
Who does Mary wanna travel?
Why does Mary wanna travel?
Who would Walter wanna work on the project?
Why would Walter wanna work on the project?
Who does the poor soldier wanna serve the people?
Why does the poor soldier wanna serve the people?
Who would the modern student wanna trust the friend?
When would the modern student wanna trust the friend?
Who did Tim wanna go?
Why did Tim wanna go?
Who did Tony wanna wait?
Why did Tony wanna wait?
What would Tony wanna work on the project?
Why would Tony wanna work on the project?
What will Dennis wanna come?
Why will Dennis wanna come?
What will the little soldier wanna attack the enemy?
When will the little soldier wanna attack the enemy?
What did Jonathan wanna come?
Why did Jonathan wanna come?
What does Mary wanna come?
Why does Mary wanna come?
Who will Sarah wanna swim?
Why will Sarah wanna swim?
Who will Gary wanna run the group?
Why will Gary wanna run the group?
Who did Norman wanna travel?
Why did Norman wanna travel?
Who did James wanna walk the dog?
Why did James wanna walk the dog?
Who did the beautiful woman wanna marry the man?
When did the beautiful woman wanna marry the man?
Who does the professional doctor wanna understand the story?
When does the professional doctor wanna understand the story?
What did Tony wanna work on the project?
Why did Tony wanna work on the project?
What did the European team wanna follow the plan?
When did the European team wanna follow the plan?
What did Elizabeth wanna come?
Why did Elizabeth wanna come?
Who did Sarah wanna travel?
Why did Sarah wanna travel?
Who did Elizabeth wanna go?
Why did Elizabeth wanna go?
Who did Maria wanna walk the dog?
Why did Maria wanna walk the dog?
Who did the European teacher wanna save money?
When did the European teacher wanna save money?
What did the American man wanna set the record?
When did the American man wanna set the record?
What does Dennis wanna work on the project?
Why does Dennis wanna work on the project?
Who will Brian wanna leave the gift at home?
Why will Brian wanna leave the gift at home?
Who does the modern student wanna see the film?
When does the modern student wanna see the film?
What does Ross wanna stay outside?
Why does Ross wanna stay outside?
Who does Jonathan wanna run the group?
Where does Jonathan wanna run the group?
What does the Indian soldier wanna attack the enemy?
When does the Indian soldier wanna attack the enemy?
Who will Jonathan wanna swim?
Where will Jonathan wanna swim?
What does the rich parent wanna help the family?
When does the rich parent wanna help the family?
What would Norman wanna wait?
Where would Norman wanna wait?
Who will the responsible minister wanna serve the government?
When will the responsible minister wanna serve the government?
Who does Roger wanna swim?
Why does Roger wanna swim?
Who will the Australian group wanna reach out to the man?
When will the Australian group wanna reach out to the man?
Who did the happy police officer wanna call the friend?
When did the happy police officer wanna call the friend?
What would the Australian team wanna attack the enemy?
Where would the Australian team wanna attack the enemy?
What would Frank wanna arrive early?
Where would Frank wanna arrive early?
Who would the old leader wanna lead the group?
When would the old leader wanna lead the group?
Who does the friendly woman wanna believe the truth?
When does the friendly woman wanna believe the truth?
What would the Indian team wanna follow the plan?
When would the Indian team wanna follow the plan?
What would Kelly wanna perform the music?
Where would Kelly wanna perform the music?
Who did the professional woman wanna marry the man?
When did the professional woman wanna marry the man?
Who did the kind woman wanna marry the man?
When did the kind woman wanna marry the man?
What does Ted wanna wait?
Where does Ted wanna wait?
Who does the rich friend wanna help the child?
When does the rich friend wanna help the child?
Who did the slow teacher wanna tell us the news?
Where did the slow teacher wanna tell us the news?
Who does the beautiful doctor wanna save money?
When does the beautiful doctor wanna save money?
Who did Norman wanna run the group?
Where did Norman wanna run the group?
Who will the slow minister wanna serve the community?
When will the slow minister wanna serve the community?
Who would Victoria wanna lie down?
Where would Victoria wanna lie down?
Who will the Indian professor wanna teach the class?
When will the Indian professor wanna teach the class?
Who did Martin wanna go?
Where did Martin wanna go?
Who will Philip wanna walk the dog?
Where will Philip wanna walk the dog?
Who does the poor student wanna see the doctor?
When does the poor student wanna see the doctor?
What did Sarah wanna come?
Where did Sarah wanna come?
What would Mary wanna stay outside?
Where would Mary wanna stay outside?
Who did Walter wanna run the group?
Where did Walter wanna run the group?
Who will the European group wanna reach out to the man?
When will the European group wanna reach out to the man?
What would Frank wanna work on the project?
Where would Frank wanna work on the project?
Who does Maria wanna seat the guest?
Where does Maria wanna seat the guest?
Who would the kind leader wanna meet the committee?
When would the kind leader wanna meet the committee?
Who does the Canadian professor wanna teach the students?
When does the Canadian professor wanna teach the students?
Who would the kind professor wanna teach us the language?
When would the kind professor wanna teach us the language?
Who did Dennis wanna seat the guest?
Where did Dennis wanna seat the guest?
Who does the rich student wanna join the party?
When does the rich student wanna join the party?
Who will Helen wanna leave the gift at home?
Where will Helen wanna leave the gift at home?
Who would Mary wanna travel?
Where would Mary wanna travel?
Who does Peter wanna walk the dog?
Where does Peter wanna walk the dog?
Who does the modern player wanna join the party?
When does the modern player wanna join the party?
What will Ted wanna come?
Where will Ted wanna come?
What does Victoria wanna arrive early?
Why does Victoria wanna arrive early?
What did the professional child wanna follow the rule?
When did the professional child wanna follow the rule?
What would Brian wanna wait?
Why would Brian wanna wait?
Who did the happy woman wanna see the doctor?
When did the happy woman wanna see the doctor?
Who will Catherine wanna travel?
Why will Catherine wanna travel?
What would Bruce wanna perform the music?
Why would Bruce wanna perform the music?
Who did the modern student wanna watch the game?
When did the modern student wanna watch the game?
Who would the young student wanna join the committee?
When would the young student wanna join the committee?
What does Alice wanna wait?
Why does Alice wanna wait?
Who would Bruce wanna seat the guest?
Why would Bruce wanna seat the guest?
Who would the active teacher wanna help the student?
When would the active teacher wanna help the student?
Who did Oliver wanna swim?
Why did Oliver wanna swim?
Who does Bruce wanna seat the guest?
Why does Bruce wanna seat the guest?
Who will the responsible child wanna ask them the question?
When will the responsible child wanna ask them the question?
Who will the important friend wanna tell us the news?
When will the important friend wanna tell us the news?
Who would the young student wanna find a job?
When would the young student wanna find a job?
What would Ruth wanna stay outside?
Why would Ruth wanna stay outside?
What would the old soldier wanna attack the city?
When would the old soldier wanna attack the city?
Who did the kind teacher wanna save money?
When did the kind teacher wanna save money?
Who will the Canadian team wanna reach out to the professor?
When will the Canadian team wanna reach out to the professor?
Who will the responsible student wanna watch the television?
When will the responsible student wanna watch the television?
What did Jonathan wanna arrive early?
Why did Jonathan wanna arrive early?
Who would you wanna go?
How would you wanna go?
What did Bill wanna perform the music?
How did Bill wanna perform the music?
Who will Gary wanna go?
How will Gary wanna go?
Who did Jonathan wanna walk the dog?
How did Jonathan wanna walk the dog?
What would the beautiful man wanna set the record?
When would the beautiful man wanna set the record?
What does Elizabeth wanna come?
How does Elizabeth wanna come?
Who will the successful group wanna reach out to the man?
When will the successful group wanna reach out to the man?
What did the young soldier wanna save energy?
When did the young soldier wanna save energy?
Who will the young man wanna love the music?
When will the young man wanna love the music?
What would Robert wanna work on the project?
How would Robert wanna work on the project?
Who would James wanna seat the guest?
How would James wanna seat the guest?
What did the special friend wanna support the team?
When did the special friend wanna support the team?
Who did Larry wanna walk the dog?
How did Larry wanna walk the dog?
Who does Dan wanna seat the guest?
How does Dan wanna seat the guest?
Who would Alice wanna go?
How would Alice wanna go?
What would Sarah wanna leave the gift at home?
How would Sarah wanna leave the gift at home?
What did the French boy wanna hit the target?
When did the French boy wanna hit the target?
Who would the special police officer wanna find the place?
When would the special police officer wanna find the place?
Who did Helen wanna run the team?
How did Helen wanna run the team?
Who does the friendly teacher wanna understand the story?
When does the friendly teacher wanna understand the story?
What will the old teacher wanna save energy?
When will the old teacher wanna save energy?
Who would the same soldier wanna save money?
When would the same soldier wanna save money?
What does the poor friend wanna support the family?
When does the poor friend wanna support the family?
What would the modern player wanna follow the rule?
When would the modern player wanna follow the rule?
Who did Norman wanna rest?
How did Norman wanna rest?
Who did the friendly doctor wanna understand the language?
When did the friendly doctor wanna understand the language?
What will the Indian boy wanna hit the target?
When will the Indian boy wanna hit the target?
What does the Australian army wanna attack the city?
When does the Australian army wanna attack the city?
What does Peter wanna go there?
How does Peter wanna go there?
Who does the famous student wanna understand the story?
When does the famous student wanna understand the story?
Who did the successful teacher wanna ask them the question?
When did the successful teacher wanna ask them the question?
Who will Alice wanna run the team?
How will Alice wanna run the team?
Who does James wanna seat the guest?
How does James wanna seat the guest?
Who will Tim wanna travel?
How will Tim wanna travel?
Who did Anna wanna run the team?
How did Anna wanna run the team?
Who does Mary wanna seat the guest?
How does Mary wanna seat the guest?
What does the happy soldier wanna save energy?
When does the happy soldier wanna save energy?
Who will the French player wanna trust the assistant?
When will the French player wanna trust the assistant?
Who did Ann wanna swim?
How did Ann wanna swim?
Who did the friendly woman wanna see the game?
When did the friendly woman wanna see the game?
What would Sarah wanna wait?
How would Sarah wanna wait?
What does Frank wanna come?
How does Frank wanna come?
Who does the responsible teacher wanna teach us the course?
When does the responsible teacher wanna teach us the course?
